little distracted at the moement. Some lady sat directly in my filed of view. I like to think that 
she's trying to get my attention because I have a bit of an ego right now.
I feel beeter about my--
This built in fiucking auto correct is the devil, it is so ditracting. How can I shut it off?!?!?!
Ok, the UI is a little annoying but it looks like I turned the damn thing off.

some people seemed to walk by and laugh at me. It does make me feel self conscious I wonder if there isanything peculuar in the way I go about writing?
I doubt this would happen if I was in a coffeee shop, though it might.

wow, some super henched guy just walked by. I wonder if he's a body buolder? Dude has huge lats.
I'm feeling lgiht-headed right now. I wonder if it's the extra 100 caolories I'm burning in the morning?

I dont know if my hunger has increased or I'm just tired of being hungry at this point. I want to get a lttle more thin before I start my reverse diet.
AT this point, I esstially have started my revesere diet. I've been eating about 2k calories and still feeling drained as hell.
Not sure and extra 100-200 would make that much of a difference in subjective hunger.

probably just eating more feeling foods would help and less unfilling ones, e.g. nuts, protein powerds, banananas, occasional candies.

Ugh, now I want to leave.
I want to hit my vape and people keep coming in.
So hungry today...
yeah I slept i this morning and feel reall  tired.
Evev now I feel so drained.

I'm thinking I'll finish my drink and head home for a nap.
I have a couple items on my to-do list, but nothing major. I'm not visiting the park today.
I put that off.

Mostloy today I just need to work on my draft.
--
Coming back to it this evening. I'm glad I got started on my windows service. I'll feel proud when I have ot done.
I feel frustrated though. I was really hoping to complete it, ChatGPT really jsut got in the way. FileSysWat doesnt seem to satisfy the use case.
I didnt leanr much. Mostly copied pasted code then got frustrated when it dodnt work so stipid.
If coding was so simple would the accomplisjmet really be worth anythong?
I jsut didnt want to go through the effort but what value would the effort have ifit didnt require leanring?

Anyway, I'm going to try to calm down so I can do a little writing before bed. 
Ha, best.
--
does the autosave work now?


````test
cntrl+'  to toggle
-----
let's get to writing!

- 2/18
Feel better after eating some food. Much better, in fact.
I'm sure the Ghost helped as well. Maybe it's th caffiene kicking in.
I have to say, this writing thing currently feels like torture.
SOmetimes working on the novel is the very last thing I want to do.

There are many reasons:

Part of it is that it's difficult and takes a lot of energy, focus.
Part of it is that I have other areas in my life where I want to make progress and where i know I can make progress.
Part of it is that writing feels like living a dual life.
It's like I have this career and responsibilites, all these things I have to do in a day that require work and energy, but then I also
have writing. Writing sits in it's own place where it seems totally disconnected from the rest of my life yet still
depliting me of time focus and energy.
Part of it is thatI just spend so much time worrying about it.; it causes me stress.
Timelines schedules and what not.
My year goal was to nuture my inner artist.
It wasnt create a draft for critique and publication, but sometimes it feels that way.
When I was on the manga writers call a few days ago, Matt called that out when I was describing what I was going through.
I havent been treating this as time to create and explore, I've been treating this as a list of scenes I have to write to get a book 
done by a certain time period.

I suppose the truth is that I want a mix of both elements.
The reason I even hired Chris was that I would have some level of pressure and accoutablity.
And I set the time line because I dint want to just spend time creating. I wanted to finish projects I've had in mind for a while now.

Why did I have these projects?

Well I guess that also tocuhes on the heart of the issue.

Thruth is, I want to create stories people will love and learn from.
I want to create great books. Stories I'd like to read, yet I've lost the hope I could be a good writer and write good books.
I've learned how much I need to learn, how hard, how painful dealing with criticism is.
I told myself I just want to create for me, and there is truth in that.
But I also want to create for others.
And do What I need to do so I can create books others will love.
That said.

For this second draft, I realize I'm simply not ready to give it the refinement I want.
I think instead for this second draft I want instead for it to be a creative process and exercise. 
Take a shot at rewriting a scene as per schedule so I have my draft done by the established date.
But I dont want to approach this as a draft where I'm really improving the first more like 
giving a second attempt at.
In that effort I will practice writing a scene, explore new ideas and themes.
But this isnt: lets make the first draft better so I can share it with others.
No, I'm not there yet.

I see this as a good exercise. What writing a second draft is like, exploring the process first hand, getting the 
exercise of writing to to a schedule and rewriting is,
and just learning and maturing and adapting to writing on a schedule
balancing writing with the rest of my life.
I see this as a difficult trail on a very long journey.
I journey I want to go on and enjoy.












