
what are some protags I like? Why are they engaging to me?

Subaru -- 
He is relatable I find him in an instresting situation its easy for me to 
relate to myself in that situation.
He is good-natured. It's easy to care about someone who is clearly a good person who helps others.
He is admirable. I find myself inspired by his virtues inspite of his weaknessness.
His weaknesses. I find them relatable. Watching someone struggle with
problems I have is though hard at times of interest.

Kazuma--

initially relatable. Finds himself in a desirable situation.
Quckly he becomes a very domineering man especially in his relationship to women.
DKazuma is a gamer and via his wit for strategy he quickly becomes an
admirable warrior. I enjoy connecting to a character I see parts of myself in become 
competent and successful.
He is funny. We enjoy funny characters.

Lucy--

She is HOT.
She is mysterious. She deals with pain and trauma. I find myself 
relating to her and feeling sypathy for her.
She has wants. To recieve love from Kota, to find peace, to escape the people who mean to use her.
As a character I care for in an interesting seeting I find myself on edge waiting to know just what
happens to Lucy.

Optimus Prime--

Awesome, iconic design. Prime is the archetypal hero and leader. Curtousy of Peter Cullen, 
even Prime's voice carries a sort of fatherly authority. As a child I remember looking to Optimus
as a father figure. Prime represents to me certain masculine qualities I seek to 
learn from and cultivate. Seeing Prime win is something like an act of god.
We desire to see our hero save us from the danger.

Walter White--

Walter is very complex and multi-layered character. I could write a great deal about him.
Ultimately, Walter changes very quickly from the relatable sympathetic teacher to the hardedend criminal.
Even at times when I found myself angry at walter, I wanteed to know what became of him. Not just
because he himself is interesting but because in seeing his downfall I saw how I too could become like him.
Walter showed me a dark path that we could all take in the right circumstance.

Humber Humbert--
Despite myself I cant help but be charmed by humbert. His wit his humor his charisma.
We find ourselves attracted to people who have these qualites even when their posser 
is a very depraved individual. Humbert even too ways in ways sypathetic and relatable.
The plot of the story was itself enough to grab atteention and interest.

Araragi--

Araragi is an interesting example. At least in the novels where I left off I found myself disliking him.
Initially, when araragi is introduced he is relatable and his latent heroic nature
makes him likable. A great deal of my draw to him is in seeing his relations to the women around him
and seeing myself in him desirang to have similar experiences.

Rocky (The Prototype)--

I find rocky relatable. He is a lonely boy who struggles with a sense of isolation and feeling different.
Rocky is likable to me. He is a dreamer and highly motivated. His inner hero is introduced early in the novel.
He himself is an interesting phenomena. How would the first robot boy feel and relate to those around him?
I  want to learn more about him. Obviously, he and his loved ones (who are them selves engaging) 
come into danger. I want to know what happens to him.
There is mystery and wily's intro prepares us for something seemingly tragic to happen to this dear boy 
(and of course we care about children) I want to know what will happen to Rocky. Will he be alright?
Rocky has something to teach us. About robots, about life. I want to learn more to see what it is exactly.






---Opening-----
Is your opening currently fulfilling these purposes?:

Putting your reader into the world (location/setting/time period)
 - yes, wily intro gives us the conflict between humanity and robots? Should robots have been created, from the human perspective?
 Or more deeply, from the robots perspective, should robots have been born?
Posing a question the reader wants to get an answer for (create mystery or intrigue)
- the question: Can a robot find happiness in this world?
Introducing the main character
 - yes
Setting the mood
- YA, anime-action/adventure
Kickstarting the plot development (your inciting incident)
- the inciting incident doesnt really happen till the conflict with Protoman maybe Rei

- Where we are
In era of a conflict between robots and humanity.
- Who we are
Rocky the first robotic boy
- Satus quo
Rocky lives a nery lonely life but gets by
- The problem
The conflict between robots and humans will highten. Robots will start being destroyed. Rocky will have to fight for his and others lives
Rocky will have to fight his own kind.
- Coping startegy
Rocky will try his best to make the best of a bad situation. Rocky will try to save everyone
- Disruption
Rocky has to confront the question: Is it good for a robot like him to exist in the world?

- Monogatari

Putting your reader into the world (location/setting/time period)
 - A normal (?) boy wondering about a mysterious girl
Posing a question the reader wants to get an answer for (create mystery or intrigue)
- Just who  is Senjogahara? 
Introducing the main character
 - yes
Setting the mood
- YA, anime-action/adventure
Kickstarting the plot development (your inciting incident)
- Senjogahara falls and Araragi catches her to discover she is weightless.

- Mushuko Tensei

Putting your reader into the world (location/setting/time period)
 - A relatable 35 yearl old failure dies, he is reborn in a world of fantasy as an infant.
Posing a question the reader wants to get an answer for (create mystery or intrigue)
- How will Rudy live his new life now that he has another chance?
Introducing the main character
 - yes
Setting the mood
- YA, anime-action/adventure
Kickstarting the plot development (your inciting incident)
- Rudy dies and is reborn, but why? Also, he learn he has great magical apptitude. Setting us up for adventure down the road.


- Konosuba

Putting your reader into the world (location/setting/time period)
 - A normal (?) boy dies and is reincarnated in a video game world where the demon king must be slain, he drags along Aqua the godess as his wish.
Posing a question the reader wants to get an answer for (create mystery or intrigue)
- Will Kazuma beat the demon king // Konosuba is mostly an comdedic/ecchi series. Less focus on plot progress/char. developemnt than on funny scenes.
Introducing the main character
 - yes
Setting the mood
- YA, anime-action/adventure
Kickstarting the plot development (your inciting incident)
- Kazuma is born in a new world. A trope is subverted when Kazuma doesnt immediately become a hero but a laborer instead. But this changes soon.





