
- Scene: Before Rectial

I know I want a scene where Rocky reflects on what happened at the rectal.
I think what I'll do is follow the outline I have.
The first class is Rocky's rectial where he plays his solo piece for the play, Hamlet.
Rocky will discuss his feelings afterward during lunch. Him and quatre will talk but I'm not sure if they'll get into a fight yet.
I know during lunch Rocky will reflect on how people treat him and he will also learn about Rei's condition.




- Scene: Recital

Rocky is only of the players giving a solo piece during the play Hamlet.
rocky has prepared a great deal.
Rocky plays well but is ignored.
At lunch he argues with Quatre
He learns about Rei
Aftwards, he reflects but he will reflect more when he learns about Rei
// So far I'm unhappy with the fact that Rocky's memory loss hasnt been brought up.
// Perhaps it wont be broguht up untill we learn about Rei.
// This will also make us start to question the goodness of Dr. Light, whom Rocky sees as all good.
// Perhaps eve, all that is good
1) Walking into recital, the situation
2) The recital
3) Rocky reflecting on his life and gaols
4) Rocky leanrs about Rei

- SCENE: Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot & reminded about conference

I wrote this scene when I wasnt feeling well. I'm under the weiater today.
I think its stress and exhaustion. 
either I nned more rest, less stress, more calories, less exercise or some ocmbination.
I could more to back off the stress. 
maybe waking up earlirer to get writing done before work would help.
otherwise it looms over me all day like a dark cloud.
I'll look into it.

anyway, heres what I wanted to do in the scene.
Actually here were the scenes I plotted:
    * SCENE: Rocky heads home and is reminded about the conference
    * SCENE: Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot
    * SCENE: Roll's nightmare maybe combinded this with above scene
    * SCENE: The next day we see rei
    * SCENE: Rolls chapter // rei lies about the date so rocky wouldnt worry during the conference.

I went straight to Rocky walking rush
Because I didnt mention it ealier, I had rocky talk about losing his memory.
Ive opened this story with Rocky in a situation were he is heavily ostrasized by his classmates.
Seeing Roll ignore the judgment and making friends, Rocky wonders what int particular he might
have done to bring judgement upon him.
He wonders what all happened before he lost his memories.
As opposed to him just saying he lost his memories.

This has made me think I need to have a scene where proto-rocky does something that really invokes the ire
of the children around him.

Do I want to do this? This is me implementing some changes to the story.
is rocky at a new school? in some writing I did, I had the idea that this was a new school but that
some kids recognized rocky and proceeded to bully him.
but that 2nd rocky defends himself and people start to leave him alone.

I am unsure I like how deeply ostrasized rocky is in this version.
In the first draft, rocky gets picked on some and is self-coscious but at this point
he doesnt even seem to interact with anyone but Quatre.

I did this in part because I want rocky to struggle with wondering if he is glad if he 
exits he a robot.
Its a dark topic, to be or not to be ones self. But I think I took it a little over board.
Maybe rocky doesnt need to be so deeply ostrazized, but some degree of bullying/ribbing 
like in the first drft would suffice.

That said, I kind of like the idea that proto-rocky had done something to bring judgement upon 
the current rocky, and rocky is unaware of waht it is.

I want to change the second act up a lot any way.
I think, for now, I want to explore new ideas.
A new first draft, a second take, a new route, is what I consider this draft. The orignial just
wasnt ready for a true second draft, and I am not here and now ready to write that. 
I'd need to learn more on the craft of editing first. It's not a skill I have as a writer at the moment.

So, what happens in the scene I wrote?
SCENE: Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot & reminded about conference
* Rocky walks Rush
* Rocky thinks about how being a robot makes him different
* He thinks on his staus as a robot
* He starts to regret being a robot
* Rei messages him
* remembers the hurtful things he said to roll
* he wonders what might have happened before he lost his memory, and how it might have caused people to dislike him
* he decides to ask rei about it
* he flies over light labs 
* due to His love for light, he affirms his pride as a robot.
* He heads home
























