SCENE: ROCKY HAS A DREAM AND ROLL WAKES HIM UP
* nightmare
* roll wakes him up about her dream
* info dump
* we learn how roll has rocky's memories.
* then the next scene is rocky remembering the previous day.
Instead I want rocky to prepare for guitar class recital.
This will be a new scene but one I want to try out.
Glad I have a short scene to write. Perhaps it needs more substance? I'm writing one scene but
it's part of a larger chapter.
I just realized rocky has dreams he later says he doesnt. I'll come back to this.

-- Chapter One: Rocky's Dreams

Rocky! Rocky!
a strange voice shoted me name as I stood in pitch black darkenss.
Wjere am I?
The lighst shot on and and I moved my arm infront of my face to block out the light. I looked around
I was standing up on a stage. before me a corwd of people sta pointing and laughing
Rocky!

//Lights shot on and I looked around me. I was up on a stage the bottles and rocks crowd heurl across the floor 
//as the people contiued to laugh and point in their seats.
// They were laughing at me.
I took some steps downstage.
spreading my arms I opened my mouth, the crowd grew silent.
...
I couldnt remeber.
The words didnt come to me. What was I supoosed to say?

the silence died and the crowd continued laughing this time hurling object toward me.
I covered my face with my arms then noticed the bright red glow behind me. I turned towards it. 
//Then a was a bright red glow shot behind me and I turned towards it.

There was a giagantic robotic hand, glowing red hot like lava. 
No... stay away... I said stepping backwards.
the robotic hand crept closer.
Rocky!
hand moved towars getting closer and closer untill...

Rocky!

OOFFF

I woke up in my bed to find my sister Roll jumping on top of me.

Rocky! I had one again! I had one!

Our dog joined roll and jumped on top of my bed circling around and stepping on my legs several
times before jumping back off.

Rocky I had another dream... Do you want to hear what it was?!

I looked at the clock on my internal interface.
Roll, it's 4:15 AM! I have to practice in the morning...

Roll's green eyes lit up with excitement, ignoring what I said completely she curled her legs up and beamed at me intently. Rocky, ok rocky here's how my dream went I was stadning on a building, no that's not how it started. How did it go again?

Sigh... My little sister, Roll. Well, I call her my little sister. She was actually in development before me, but only came online a year ago. Decding who the older sibling is can get pretty complicated when you're both robots!

Roll's design is a little different from mine. When I first came online even though I looke dthe same I was  like a baby in terms of what I knew. I had to learn how to talk and read and write. For roll however Dr. Light decded he use my data to program roll before she first came online.

Oh, I remember it now! Roll said, clapping her hand together happily.
brushing her long blonde hair out her face roll looked at me intently as she began her story.
I was sitting on the egde of a building playing a guitar, then a big red monster jumped on top of me. And the, when I stood up, a giant came! And took mmy guitar away! Do you remember anything like that?"

Roll was only supposed to know about pratical things from my data however... as tiem has gone on Ive learned that roll has access to some of my personal memories. it started when roll would tell me about these dreams she has. I coulnt help but notice how similar they were to things that have happened to me. At this point Roll remebers half of my life during last year, even all the most embarrasing stuff. It's really annoying honestly.

I put my fist to my chin and thoguht about it for a moment. Oh, I know. That was from my second year. Around the time Rush first came online. Ava brought him to school when picking me up and he was so exicted when he saw me that he jumped up on me and knocked my guitar out of my hands. Oscar from grade six came and helped me replace the broken strings.

Really?! Roll asked excitedly. Do you still have the gutiar can I play it? She said, looking around frantically.

// maybe I could move above exposition here and remove this. We can infer how annoyng Rocky finds Roll.
Even though Roll is supposed to be my “age” she really acts just like a kindergartener. She cries when she doesn't get her way, she will blurt out the most embarrassing things at the most awkward times. It’s so annoying. I've told Dr. Light about it, but insists it isn't a problem. He doesn't have to put up with Roll as much as I do.

“No, Roll! I said. I have to go back to sleep. Now, go back to bed or I won't help you understand your dreams anymore!”

And after hearing this, Roll sprinted out of the room.

Running away, Roll left the door open and my room was filled with light from the hallway.

…She could have at least shut the door behind her.


--- NEXT SCENE: ROCKY GETS READY FOR SCHOOL
originally I have the scene were rocky and roll go to the zoo. I'm cutting this for now. I want rocky to start preparing for the recital. This is a good chance for us to learn about rocky who he is what he wants how he relates to those around him.

rocky is preparign for the play hamlet as a  guitarist
rocky gets dressed and talks briefly about his appearance and body.
I dont mind being a robot

"I think the only thing I don't like about it is being different…I like being a robot. I just don't like feeling different from other kids. Or the things people say sometimes. 

I’m really not so different from everybody else. I was just made in a different way.
"
Here we see Rocky pushing against the thesis of the book: is a person born into a bad situation better of dead?
Rocky is treating the syptoms and not the cause.
That becuase he is a robot he is different and because he is different others will judge him.
-rework
rocky wants to be accepted and admired.
part of him hates being seen as different cause hes a robot
rocky has gieven up on makking friends at his currrent school due to bullies
he wants to prove everyone wrong

- what do I want to happen in my rework scene?
rocky thinks about the recital. its  a big deal for him.
he has dreams of being a famous muscian.
Light loves music and rocky want to make light proud.
Rocky wnats to play music for many reasons.
He knows people love music, he beeives that if his music is good enough people will forget hes a robot.
he wants to prove robots can become artists
he wants to impress light who named rocky after his love of music
he wants light to call him son and be told his is loved.
in thruth rocky is quite lonely.
Whats keeping him going is the hope tha light loves him, light is good, and one day light will accpet rocky as a son.
That rocky believes that even though he is a robot he really isnt different from other people.
// he will come to learn this is wrong. he is different and the world will mistreat his kind because of their differences.
thrhough rockys relationship to other robots rocky will see that he isnt really like other people 
but that robots have feelings too. That people are mistreating them.


SCENE: Rocky Leaves for School

Brief interaction between Ava, Roll, Rush, and Rocky before he lieaves for school.
I'm rewriting this scene. Not sure how I'll do it yet.
I think what i'll do is have a brief interaction with Quatre eating breakfast before I jump straight to the recital.
The scene with Quatre will be a good intro for us to learn more about Rocky.
Some of his shame about being a robot.
What his relationship with his one friend looks like

Only prbolam is-didnt we already learn a lot of this info as Rocky stayed awake to practice?
What else do we learn then?
I think we'll write the scene then see what happens.
There's a lot in the original script I like, my issue is that it doesnt jump straight to the action or provide
anything about Rocky that tells us about the problem he's facing and motivates us to want to see how this issue will pan out.
I want for this second draft to be more concise and to introduce us to the intresting issue Rocky is dealing with.
We want to know what Rocky's struggle and desire is and how he intends to deal or not deal with it.

In a nut shell: the robotic boy feels judged, excluded, unloved by his creators. he plans to impress them through his talent as an arttist.
Will he be able to do it? How will he respond to failure?

-- Further thoughts
After the rectial, rocky wonders if other humans will ever appreciate him.
He tells us as long as he has Light's approval he is content. We also learn about rocky's shame as a robot.
this will be an issue when rocky grows to care more for robot masters and sees light and other humans more negatively and diff from him.
I may or may not use the math class scene. I want to jump to the action.

THEMES IN ACT ONE: rockys struggle for acceptence, shame as a robot, desire to please light, 
virus and fear of robots, Rocky's growing compassion for robots and distrust of humans, The villian the prototype (created by humans), 
arrives, the theat to humans and robots, rocky sees the chance to help Light robots and people as MegaMan,
Rocky is forced to destroy robots,
Rocky sees the evil people do,
Rocky hears of the real cause of the virus: robots want to die,
Rocky decides he will protect the one person he loves,
he loses that person
END ACT ONE   

These are the major beats up and coming:

SCENE: ROCKY GETS LEAVES FOR SCHOOL
SCENE: MATH CLASS
SCENE: LUNCH, BULLIES, AND ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI
SCENE: BAND LAST REHEARSAL
SCENE: ROCKY TAKES RUSH FOR A “WALK”
SCENE: ROLL’S FIRST NIGHTMARE
SCENE: ROCKY GOES TO SEE REI
SCENE: ROLL’S DEBUT

- SCENE: Rocky Leaves for School

By the time I walk over to close the door I realize I'm as good as awake.
Just as well. At least now I have more time to reherse. I walk over to the side of my room decorated in music paraphelia.
Posters, vinlys, and piles of CDs decorate the wall. Elvis, the beatles, Van Halen, and even some posters of classical composers like 
Mozart and Bach all the artists I look up to!
People always think it's stange for a robot like me to listen to so interested in all these old music. Epsceially when 
so many people today listen to digital music, give me the sound of a real instrument any day!
I pull old trusty and which was on his standy out his case. sitting on the edge of my bed I admire my wood brown gutar and feel its weight against
my body.
I pull out my tuning fork and after striking it against my knee begin tuning the strings.
My eyes wainder towards my wall of posters as I listen intently listen to each notes.
Elvis presely, The Beatles, Van Halen, Green Day, and Paramore. I even have posters of classical composers like Beetoven and Bach!
People always think it's starange for a robot like me to be so intrested in old music. Espcially when the music most people listen to now
is all didgital. Give me a real instrument anyday! You can hear the passion in each notes. People just dont get it.
Rock-y. Rock-and-roll? Dr. Light named us after his love for music. He even toled me that when he was a boy  
he wanted to be in a rocky band, but that he wasnt any good at guitar.

I pull out my sheet music before I laughing it and placing it down. You dont need sheets when you get the heart of the song.
With precision I begin strumming each note and each chord of our recital piece, pressing my fingeers to the frets just tight enough to hear 
full clear ring.
1, 2, 3, 1,2,3
I can hear the crowd already.
Rocky! Rocky!
I toss my hands up and walk up to the mic.
Thank you thank you.
I try to give a speech but the crowd contiues shouting my name.
Rocky rocky!
And they said rock and roll was dead I laugh to myself.
I can already see the headline: Robot brings back real music.
The news reports face reveal awe as they talk about my newest albums success.
Rocky's solo album has already gone triple platnum within it's first week.
They said guitars and drums were a thing of the past. They said that the one thing a robot could never do was create art.
That was before the world got to see dr. lights light greatest creation for what he really is!
That was before they knew about me!
The crowd continues chanting and I raise me first in the air in triumph. The crowd goes wild.
I turn my head when I hear a subltle clap and see a man walking towrds me on the stage.
Dr. Light?!
Well, done rocky well done. Dr. Light smiles contently. I expected nothing less of my greatest creation.
I smile and shoot my eyes down in emabressment. I let out a weak, I-I just hope you like it, Doctor. I said.

I look up when I feel Dr. Light firmly grasp my sholder.
Of course I'm proud of you, son....

knock knock. My beaustiful vision is inturupted when I hear a loud, persistant, annoying rap at my door.

What are you doing in there Rocky?! Were going to be late for school!

//After playing the piece from start to sinsih three times I finally decide to take a break and shake out my hands.
//Guess its about time I start ed getting ready.
//Walking to the closet and pull out my short, shirt, and tie. A our schools uniform.
//Most kids hate that we have to wear times, but not me. For me it makes me feel
I check the time. It was already past 6am.

The door creaks open and a tall dark haired woman with bright red lips and thinkly layered glass enters the room.
Is everything alright Rocky? SHe asks in her typical bright and cheery tone.
Ava Lovelace. An assitant of doctors light's specifically tasked with the job of over seeing the development of me and roll. Basically our nanny. She's the olny person who lives
in this house besides me, Roll and our dog rush.

I see you got caught up in practing again, Ava laughs, placing her hand to her chin.


Oh, sorry I say! Quickly running over to pull my uniform out of the dresser before running inside of my bathroom to put it on.

Now I'm going to be late because of you! Roll shouts loud enough to be heard through the door.
Just we wont even have time for breakfast now! ANd I'm hungry!

Pulling up my time, lean my head through door. I get roll I get jeez you dont have to make.
I was finsihed speaking rocky! Roll  sighs. You know, you really should listen when you older sister is talking to you!

Older sister? Since when? I'm your big brother! I state.

Heh.. Roll gives a cocky grin. Like I'd believe that. I was in developemnt befor eyou ROCKY! And guess what that makes me? 
You older sister! 
What! I gasp wh-who told you.
Ava did.
Ava! I shoot a glance in Ava's direction.

Oh, I'm sorry rocky. She exclaims. Was I not supposed to tell Roll?

Yes! I exclain. Cause now I'll never hear the end of it. I point in rolls direction, Listen, Roll... You may have been in development before me, but the
only reason you know anything is because you have my memory data--are you listening?!

Who's a good boy? Who's a goood boyyyy...
Ignoring me completely, Roll bends over on the ground to scratch Rush's white metal tummy as he violently wags his tail.

Anyway, let's get goingm Roll stands up. I havent even packed my breakfast yet. now I'm going to be Hungry all day. 
I already packed lunch for you Ava says handing her a light blue chunli thememed lucnh box. And I packed one for you as well, Rocky.
Roll wucilky picks open her box. lets see... Pb&J, Sweet roll, carrots, juice. Uggh... carrots! Could I get another sweet roll instead?”
Now, Roll, Ava raises her finger. You need to eat your vegetables. Just because you and rocky are robots doesnt mean you shouldnt eat healty! 

Ha, youre right, Roll stcicks out her tongue and places her hand behind her head. I'll be sure to eat those too. You'll be a good mommy one day, Ava.

Now Roll! Ava places her hand over her mouth as she gasps. Look roll, I'm just dr light's lab assistant I could hardly be considered you and rocky's mother.
I mean  unless me and dr. light started dating and he wanted to... She palces her hands over her eyes as her face turns beat red. No no that's totalyy inappropriate. 
Listen, you and rocky should just think of me as one of Dr. Light's feelow scietists, or a nanny, our maybe even a a dear aunt... 
Though I wonder what Dr. Light would think if he heard you call me that... do you think he'd...

Okay roll I'm ready. I climb on top of ruhes back as he turns his legs into levitaing mode. Come on! We'll get to school faster on rush!

Roll steps onboard as she grabs onto my shoulders.

Even if we get there on time, I'm still going to be mad at you, rocky.

Wait! Ava shouts, I'll take you two!

--- SCENE: MATH CLASS
Here I will replace with something else. I want Rocky to have a moment with Qautre before the recital.
I may skip to the rectial after that.
We'll see
12/15
//Well have a good day you two!
Ava says looking back after stopping the car.
Me and roll unbuckle our seat belts. 
Me and roll just arrived at Jupiter the school
Hey ava could you nulock the
// I like the idea of the Blue Bombers being a sports team at their school
// Maybe the bullies are on the football team
// Now I'm adding all these layers and need to dial back. This isnt a cute sports show.
// What I want to focus on is rockys isolation, rolls lack of reaaction to lonliness, and rockys reletionship to music and Quetre
The car stops; we've arrived at school. Blue Sky Elementary. The school that's been been my personal prison for the last two years.
The car doors slide open and  me and Roll make our way out. Though later than we usually arrive, we still made it to the school early.
From the few students and families that have already arrived I can see the typical finger pointing and side glances. I toss my backpack over my should and do my best 
to ingnore he.
"Oh, wow robots..."
Yes, we're robots!
And Ive been a robot everyday for the past two years I've attended this school!
Is it really so shocking? You'd think the novelty would have worn off at this point. No idea what they even say to themsevles now.
Roll of course remains blissfully unaware of it all. And the moment she hops out of the care waves to every person staring at us, as if they were her best friend.

Amongst the caloous stares and converstaions there stands out our principal paxton and his wife one of our teachers. 
 From the school pricipal and his wife that just shot us a glance I imagine what they say to eachother.
It's a boy... and a girl... but there made of metal!
As in not non-metal?
And there students here!
You mean.. they take classes with the other students?!
Indeed they do... Did I mention that they're ROBOTS.

I shoot the principla a glance back and wave as I chuckle and shake my head. The stupidity of it all is almost funny.
Ava starts to pull off the curb when I call out wait! Ava! The commun almost cause me to forget that I left my guitar in the trunk.
Of all days, forgetting that would be the very worst.

The trunk door flies open and I grab my guitar case when another car pulls up close behind us.
A familiar voice calls out, Hey, Rocky, Roll, morning!
A tallish, big-boned, boy with oval shaped glasses calls out.
He quickly hops out of his mother's car and aproaches us, already carrying his guitar in its case in his hands.
You ready for today's rectial, Rocky? Quatre asks. He sets his guitar down and pulls his school tie from out of his pocket clipping it on then and there.
Ready?... Quatre, ready doesnnt even describe it.

Rocky Ava still seated patiently in the car calls out. Did you get everything you need?
Yeah, ava thanks.

Quatre quatres mther calls out sticking a lunch bag outside the window.
Quatre runs told the window and takes the lunch from her hand before, giving quatre an imploring look.
Ah, mom. He relunctantly leans his head cloer and his mother kisses him on both cheeks.
Love you, Quatre!
Love you too!
Have a good day at school! 1/16
I as Quetra;s moves pull of the curb I look back towards ava who seems to be busy typing some messgae into her dvice. Putting it down, I see roll wave bye to ava
as she drives away.

So Rocky you were saying-? Is everything ok? You look sad.
I pull my eyes away from ava's car and look back towrds quatra.
Uh, yeah, no I'm fine. Anyway, about the recital. I practiced a lot.
I bet qutre smiles pulling out his tie.
No, body works harder than you, Rocky.
I feel a tug on my shirt.
Ro-cky Roll says. You just gonna stand there all day? Well I'm heading in withour you. Breakfast is gonna close soon.

---
// where do I want to go at this point? Some other classes? to the cafeteria? to math class? I'm worried that the rectal would be too sudden of a jump.
Maybe I can have the math class scene. let me think about it for a second.

---
* SCENE: Breakfast Cafeteria: // This is what actually happens, whether or not I use it in the story or move it around, mix and match certain pieces of it in different places, we will see.

3...
I let the final chord draw out and slowly open my eyes.
Seated at the school breakfast cafeteria, I'm seated with across from Roll and Qautre. I just performed the piece I'd be playing for the rectal.
So what do you think I ask quatre who is currently stuffing his face with the lunch Ava packed for me.
hmmm... It's good. Qutre said between bites. But mmm I dont know... He takes a final bite of the sandwhich before downing a boxed orange huice in gulp. 
Ah, I think you might have gone a little too hard with the solo part. Ms. Hodan only asked us to do the first page.

Too hard? I quip. I dont think you know what this means for me Quatra. I said. This isnt about the play this is about my--2/17
future career as an artist blah blah blah yeah I heard it rocky.
Well then you know how important this is too me.
I do rocky qutrea seeming like he was going to continue his mouth hangs open for a moment  before he closes it.
Anyway, he peers into my lunch box, is that all of it Rocky? Portion sizes seem a little small. Are you guys on a diet or something?
FOr the past year, since I met quatre I've basically gievn him my lunch every school day. 
As a robot, I dont need to eat to get my energy. With our buster core systems in place, me and Roll have a nearly infinite energy supply, 
provided we arent doing anyhing too strenous and get regular sleep.
I used to eat more often but now only when I have too sit down with Ava and ROll for a me, or on the occasion Dr. Light comes over.
It's not that I perticularly dislike eating, I just like doing other things with my time anyway. Eating most food just wighs me down and makes me feel glutonus,
so even if I'm a robot and cant gain weight I still hate the way eating makes me feel. In this way I'm the total opposite of Roll, who takes full advantage of her robotic body in this respect.
If eveyday roll had access to a dessert buffet, I'm sure she'd eatchere for everymeal everyday.
--- 
// do I want to finish this scene?
What about when rocky talks about the updates to his hand.
Anyway rocky, youve been playing that thing since we got here.
// you know now I'm not sure I want to write that part.
// the next scene is the recital. That's what's in my outline. 
// I tried to add an exptra scene previously, but it just became an exploration. It's fine. I'll revisit tomorrow.



I used to force myself to eat when I was at school. Thinking having food in my hands would make people think I was more normal, just like them. But it only served to create a public 
spectical a couple times. 
Wait are you sure he's a robot?
Then how is he eating?
It most be like how you can use a pottato to power a lightbulb.

No, Quatra I said, that's all we have and as far as portion sizes go, I think that a pretty normal amount for a boy our age.
I say to my friend almost immediaelty regretting what I said.
While quatre wasnt particularly thin the day I met him 2/18 I think it's obvious to everyone he's gotten more hefty since we've started hanging out.
I never ate my lunch and would usually throw it awway before leaving back to class. One day a few months a Quatre a new student saw me doing this and approached me.
"Hey... if you arent going to finsih that..."
So I guess you could say that Qutre's imppresive appetite is basically the reason for our "friendship"
If you could really call this a friendship.
--- this is the rest of breakfast conversation.
// I was going to have them discuss somethings before the breakfast but now I want to save that for later.
// I feel like I'll just end the scene once they get to school. Let me check my outline.
// This was really just exploratory writing.
// In my outline the conversation durning a meal is during lunch I want to go with that and skip the recital for now.
// I can have a line once rocky and quatre see eachother at school like "see you at music class!"

---
I was suprised at first last year when Quatre approached me during lunch.
I was siting by myself per usual. 
Though at that point, sitting with me was probabaly not an option. Whether you loved robots or hated them. The fact was that
I was the guy who was bring his student to the luicnhall to play very badly all throuout lunch.
I smile thinking about it. All the growth I've made as a gutarist this past year. I used to be terrible.
Quatre came up and asked to sit with me. He asked if I liked video games and to which of course I said yeah (who doesnt?) 
He then pulled out the old school hand held he's currently playing. I was honestly surpriesed it still works.
He then showed me what he was playing. SOme old-school beat 'em up called Viewtiful Joe. He asked me if I wanted to play and 
even handed me a spare handheld. I still have it at home. He's always bugging me to play with him, but the more I've started to take gutar seriously
the less I've brought it to school. Otherwise he'd insist that all we do is play every lunch.

At first, I was very apprehensive toawrds Quatre. I didnt even ask for his name the first two months, yet we sat together everyday for lunch all the same.
I kept waiting for the moment he'd start asking me about robots. Asking me to take him to Light Labs, ask to watch me shoot a laser or transform into a plane or something.
To my suprise, that never happened.
I was shocked when only a couple months ago Quatre told me that he never knew I was a robot. That's when I realized I fundamentally misunderstood Quatre.
Most people say I look human enough but when they get up close, they can tell. Uncanny is the word I keep hearing people say.
SOmething about the texture of my hair. That my skin doesnt have any pores
12/19
Something about me and roll looking a little too perfect. I started to feel so insecure about i. I even asked dr. light to drill holes into my skin so I would have pores
like humans do.
dr. light's response was that he'd consider it for an upgrade but that he was quite busy at the moment. I even went as so far as to think about doing it myself,
untill I realized how pointless it be.
fact was I had two options, try to fool people into thinking I was a robot or just accept the later.
People would find out I was a robot eventually anyway I was sure.

Me and Quatre had sat to gether nearly everday for nearly three months straight. Everyday with him going on endlessly about Monster Hunter or Pheonix Wright or whatever
old handheld game he happened to be playing at the time.

The fact that we talked so often and he hadnt brought it up even once was starting to drive me crazy.
quatre didnt as far as I could tell have a single friend in this whole entire school. and of all the peopleto force his company on he chooses the loathed robot boy?
Further subjecgating himself to a life of isolation.

And still he made no mentaion of my robotics?
Not a single mention?
Just wnhat wes he planning anyway?
To have me help him take over the school? To help him rob the worldslargest video game mueseum?
Huh I mused. He'd gonna be real disapointed if he expects any amzing technilogical feats from me.
Most high-tech thing I've ever done was focus real hard on my visuals and accidentally opened the command-line to my internal interface.
.... I was effectively blind for two days.
Dr. Kaneda hand to come over to shut me off. It was so embarassing.

That was when one day,

Quatre set his game uh ha! The the 15th time in a row! he exclaimed.
Haha, I mused hummuring him, that hard huh? 
You bet! Quatre said.You know, I used to think I was pretty good at Monster Hunter but now... I'm just not sure.
He looked oddly sad when he said this.
I looked at the old gaming device he palaced so gently on top of the the table, even in his frustrated mood, he seemed so gentle when he handled the old device.
Almost as if it was an ancient treasure.
I stopped strumming and set my guitar against my lap, leaning up against it I said, I guess... being good at games is pretty important to you, Quatre.
Quatre lit oh, defintly! And especially Monster Hunter. It's something I take a lot of pride in it, you know? he put his finger to his chin and looked up at the ceiling.
I wonder if I'm having an identity crisis?!
I frowned. Something about the way Qutre felt about the game, it reminded me about how I felt about playing guitar. How would I feel if I statred to question my 
ability to get any better? I didnt even want to imagine it.
//I sympathesized, with Quatre. 
I guess you must really like Monster Hunter, huh.
Quatre shruggered. Yeah, he said quitely, it's my favorite game. He picked up his handheld and took the catririgde out of the device.
But it's a a lot more than that.
Really? I said curioes.
Qautre held up the cartridge and staered at it intently. My dad was one of the lead developers of Monster Hunter XGen. 
Oh, I said that really cool. Is that the only game he worked on? So he doesnt work on the newer games?
quatre held out the cartiridge for me to hold it. I reached out and took the game card in my hand. Not a speck of dust or even the slightest scratch was on it.
The cartiridge was at least 40 years old.
My dad passed away when I was little Quatre said, looking away solemely.
I was at a loss for words. Not quite sure what to say in situations like these. What must losing a father be like. How would I feel if I lost Dr. Light?
The very thought made me feel sick to my stocmach.
That game was the creation of my father, he said pointing to the card. In a way, I guess I almost think of it as a brother, I like to think that
my dad looks down and is happy when he sees me enjoying the game he made.
Quatre... That's Quatre gave me an oddly insecure look as I looked for the words for what I was trying to say.

That's really cool.
He smiled.
Anyway, quatre leaned back in his chair bumping the entire table towards me as he stretched. Enough of the sad stuff... hmmm.
He mused, oh you know what I heard?
What I said, genuinely cursious.
I heard that a robot attends this school as a student! he said with a genuine look of shock.
you just eard that.... 
Oh, he said suprised, so you already knew?!
Yeah, I said, bluntly. Quatre, I already knew, I am the robot.
Quatre looked at me with deep suprise. I can't believe nobody told him.
Has nobody actually bothered to tell him he was sitting with the robot boy these past few months? Just how unpopular
could a kid be?
That's so cool... he said his voice dragging.
I furrowed my brow. He it comes, he's going to start asking me to do a bunch of dumb things 
like ask me to shoot a missle or transform into a jet or something.
ugh, I guess I'll have to find a new table to sit at, or maybe now that he knows he'll get wise and start sitting somewhere else?
Hopefully that happens.
Quatre stretched out his hands and started to pop his fingers. Well, anyway, I'm going to give this level one more try before
lunch is over wish me luck.
Quatre picked the umd from off of the table and turned back on his device. 
I stared at him in disbelief as he quitely focued on the consoles screen as the main menu music started to play.
Hey, I said. 
mm yeah? he replied still staring at his game.
What's your name anyway?
Quatre he said, oh, I never asked yours.
Rocky I replied. My name is ROcky.
And since then we've shared this table every lunch period.
/// 
//Oh, Yeah, Quetre asid. He shrugged with embarrasment. Was I the only person who didnt know? Huh, I guess I was just to busy gaming.
//Have you scene the robot. He asked. I saw some cleaning robots around, but none that looked like they were students.
//Maybe the cleaning bots take classes too? He said, pondering.



Quatre do you even talk to anybody at this 
//
Like a true gamer with just 10 minutes to spare before we need to leave, qutre pulls out a handheld gamming device out of his backpack.
Of in the distance I see Roll seated at a table with most of the girls in her grade all the early risers.
As usaul Rolls seems to be dominating the converstaion. And then can you beleive what Rocky did? I swear he's so annoying! He wont even listen to his older sister.
Hey-did I tell you how I found out I'm Rocky's older sister?!
The girls at Roll's table hang there head as she continues to mouth off.
Rockys so annoying rocky I spit. Roll clearly must not know the definition of the word annoying or she'd realize she's the irratating one...
// lot going on here. Need tminimize.
// What do I need to establish before the guitar class?
I'm honestly suprised Roll's managed to fit herself in with her classmates well enough that theyll sit together for lunch and things.
I'm sure thta Roll's just been unable to read the signs that she wasnt wanted or even if somebody told her, Roll might have actuall lacked the ability to know it was timeto leave

// rocky talks about how roll relates to her classmates and there size
// rocky talks about quatres old school game and what school was like for him initially
// rocky talks about his update and reveals some of his insecurities as a robot     /// I'm just getting these scenes out. 
///         I want this inforamtion. I'll edit and move parts around later
I continue strumming










---
* SCENE: Recital

The bell rings. Show time.
Music is my last class before lunch break. And I'm totally stoked. I walk to my locker and seeing my guitar case, briefly pause before running my hand along the 
cold black material.
Rocky! ...rocky! 
I can hear the voices chant. the voices of my future fans. 12/18
I make my way to the classrom. Theres a confidet prep to my stride.
I'm the first to arrive and I await eagerly as I 2/20
Eye Ms. Hodan our teacher walk in and start seeting up her conducitn materials.
She gives a slitly vexxed sigh when I beam in her direction. I cant even blame her.
Ms. Hodan I'm sure has her hands full right now, I'd my persistant bugging her probably did do much to lighten that load.
Two weeks from now our school will be holding it's first time playing the play Hamlet. It's going to be the biggest production our school's ever had with both
acting and music. Ms. Hodan will be the one overseeing all things related to that.

Ms. Hodan sets her stand and looks around the room as the bells ring and the students start to slowly pour into the classroom. One by one noting 
Ms. hodan notices a mucis stand missing from one of the front row chairs of the room she reaches in the classroms closet and starts making her way to place

the stand by the chair I speak up. Oh, would you like help with that? I look around the room? Are any other stands missing would you like me to look around and check?
I turn my head from side to side taking note of the room. Seeing on chair bhind me lacking it's accompanying stand. 
I place my gutira upon my chair as I stand to move my stand in front of the desolate chair.
Rock, Ms Hodan started, dont place your stand. You'll need for-
I place the stand down poitning to my head. All up here I say, smiling.
Ms. Hodan raises her eyebrows, vexed and returns to her desk. I look around the  room as the remaining students rool in for the start of class.
Per usual, the students seem to pay me little mind as they settlie in. Almost acting towards me as if I was invisible as they walk by.
They have no idea what is to come!

The play features a segment,where the gutarists in the front row will each play a small solo piece during the interlude. of the four parts, I the first player is given the longest piece.
Initially, when I tried to play  my hands cramped quickly. the settings in my system I just didnt have the strength. I mentioned the situation one day to Dr. Light, he was 
he actually seemed really intrested to hear I was taking up guitar. He even cancelled a TV interview he was scheduled for just so he could update me so I could play longer.
I'd never seen Dr. Light so intrested in something I told him. It really meant a lot to me. I know that playing this part is my opprtunity to make the doctor proud
and my opprotunity to shows my skills to the world.
// rocky paly the second to the last piece.
After Ms. Hodan gives her usual lecture and pep talk to the students it finally time for the retital practice. This will actually be our last practice in class before the play.
As I expected most of the students who play in a group were still fumbling their way through the piece. Off tempo not meorized, with several of them fat fingering every other chord.
I know for a fact we'll sound terribel come the day of they play--as a group, but i wont let it get to me. I mean it is a middle school play, what could you expect?
this is about me.
me, Rocky, showing off to the world my skill. to the world, and to doctor light. Proving for the first time what the great genius is ccapable of. Not to mention what I'm capable of.
// I'm really starting to think I should open the book on the rectal scene.
I see that Ryan still isnt here. But it's not a problem. I know his piece. When it comes time to play his I'll just play his as well.
The next student finishes her piece barely making her way through. Having to play the last page three times before ms. hodan made the call and said it was good enough to today.
Just try to get some practice in before the paly our teacher said.
Ryan's chair remains empty as it comes time for his piece I rasie my hand to offer to play his along with mine when the door opens.
Ryna, mis hodan said. I thought you were goig to be absent to day is everntyhing alir=ight? she asked.
Yea, ryan said I got stuck at the principals he retorted.
Well, it's time to play your piece, ms. hodan said, go ahead and take a seat.
ryan lazily amkes his way to his chair acttually dropping his guitar on the floor in its case before taking of his backpack and taking a seat.
With perhaps the most nonchallant expression I have ever seen he then opens the case and pulls his guitar to his lay before fat fingering the firts chord. 
A horrible concophany buzzes throughout the room.
Thats terribly out of tune ms hodan said and ryan begins to try to tune his guitar by turning the keys at seemingly rsndom.
Ms. Hodan urgers Ryan to switch gutars with another student to which he accepts.

flipping his music sheets to the first page ryan proceeds to fat finger, over strum, and over draw out every single note of the song, being sure to take 
pauses inbewteen each turn of the page that feel like an eternity.

Somewhere in the universe and entire universe just collapesed with in that timeframe. I thought to myself.

Ryan strums the last chord lettingit draw out till the noise fades.
I gegin to shake my head subtellly when I here an entire applause
/// rockys piece needs to come before ryans
my turn I place my fingers to the frets.
I then proceed the play every single solo part, from the very first all the way to mine.
Each note played with careeful procession. Each chord palyed as precisely as I can imagine any boy around my 'age' could play.
As I play I tune out the world completely. My attention is devoted to each note which I have so pain staking memorized. All my weeks of effort. of playig and practicing every single day.
Of taking my guitar to lunch of waking up early to play of playing my piece right before bed have led up to this moment. as I place my hand against the strings to cut out the final chord I open my eyes
and exhale.
flawless. I just played the whole piece to mine flawlessly. I've come so far from where I came from.
Those weeks of playing with sore hands because my fingers couldnt build calusos like other 'biys' but preserving anyway...
 I practiced to I knw I could play the piece flawlessly. and without fail I 
just played the piece flalessly to my entire class and music teacher ms. hodan. 
and soon... I'll pay for the world...
I place my fingers against the strings and give a confident smile. I look straight at my teacher Ms. Hodan. Ready to recive the praise I know she'll have for me.
silence. there's dead silence in the room.
Ryan your piece. Ms. hodan says. And ryan begins to 'play'
did they even hear me. I say queitly to myself. I played flawlessly.

flipping his music sheets to the first page ryan proceeds to fat finger, over strum, and over draw out every single note of the song, being sure to take 
pauses inbewteen each turn of the page that feel like an eternity.
Ryan strums the last chord lettingit draw out till the noise fades.

There was an instant applause.
Bravo bravo, Ms hodan claps.

// CHANGE steven to ryan
wonderful work steven. Ms hodan said. Best performance this sememester.

steven gave a confident smile.

It was nothing.
 he said.
 I actually agreed.
 The other students gave a energetic response.

 that was a amzing steven 
 that was perfect steven
 youre the best steven, a boy said befre learnong towards steven to give him a high-five.

 perfect? Best performance. Is there somehing wrong with my hearing system?
I rubbed my ears for a moment feeling nervous. Perhaps I was in need for some repairs? I couldnt tell what was going on.
How d you play so well another student asked him
Practice. just hard work. Steven bluntly stated, a cocky smile on his face.
I hope he didnt practice too much.

After tthe excitement died down ms. hodan continued.
Let stevens example be a lesson for you class. If you want to really shine in orchestra, alll you have to do do is put in the work.
you dont have too have been doing this long or be be a robot to succeed. Suceeding in music takes practice dedcation!

There was a series of slight snickers that echoed throughout the room. and despite still looking down, I caught at least a couple sideways 
glances in my direction.

I felt my stomach drop. so, that what this is about, isnt it?

Ms. Hodan gives a final pep talk for the play before the bell rings and the students quickly leave the room to head to lucnh.

So it doesnt matter how well I play. I said.
Thinking of the long hours I spent in practice.
Because I'm a...

END SCENE

-- SCENE: LUNCH, BULLIES, AND ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI

// Rocky talks to qutre about what happened.
// Rocky question his dream
// "if I have nobody else I know at least doctor light is proud of me"
// hey rocky do you know what happened before you lost your memory?
// this scene will also be exploratory
// I want to tie it to rei, rocky's friend who he forgot.
2/21
// is quatre in band with rocky? originally he was but if he was then i cant have the conversation I was thinking about having.
// if quatre was in the room, there wouldnt be dead silence. 
// Maybe quatre could be in the play in some other capaxity? 
// FOr now quatre isnt in band.
Me and Quatre sat in silence during lunch break. I hung my head low as I thought baout everything that happned.
rocky! Rocky! I could see my fans disapearing one by one as roar of cheers started to die down 
looks like my album didnt sell.
why I thought to myself. still in shock from it all.
i know i played right i know i did better than ryan or anybody in that close.

Then my teachers words rung through my head.
"Let that be a lesson to you"
"you dont have to be a robot to succeed."
// rocky becomes defensive about his "roboitc advantages"
they know... I played well they all did.
it's because I'm a robot! it's becuase I'm a robot they dont care!!
they were frustrated I did well! envious! they assume everything easier, that my efforts dont matter...
just cuase I'm a robot...
I absentmindedly strum my guitaras I ruminate. Not even sure what I'm playing I look down and listen to
My solo piece that I so intricately memorized, I stop and catch mmy hands. I pain full grin croosses my face.
Hey, Rocky Quatre says, the straw from his juice box still plunged to the side of his mouth. he takes a final sip. You really
shouldnt paly too much, remember what happened last time with your hands crammping, he gives a light smile as he crushes his juice 
box, recitels over anyway.
Its okay.. I say still looking down. I bring my left palm to my face. Dr. Light upgraded me. I'm stringer now.
Now my hands dont cramp anymore. 
Quatre who was leeaning back to toss his empty juice box into the near by dumpster freezes and shoots me a suprsied look.
Rocky he says.
What?
I dont know... he stpos tp think. isnt that like cheating.
Cheating! I raise my vocie almost yelling but whating to scream.
cheating I say again threough gritted techt
Hows that cheating? I couldnt play before.
I hold out my hands towards Quatre who looks increasingly nervous.
Without upgrades my hands always stay the same. 
Humans like you you can play guitar and start to build calouses you play more and your muscles get stronger. That's cheating!
Nobody could cheat if there body's always styaed the same like us robots. I point towards Quatre. you Humans are the ones  
who are cheating.
My sudden outburst takes Quatre by suprse. He looks dumbfounded. Almost as if he had no idea I evr felt this way.
Quatre stammers. and places his hand held on the table. Rocky he frowns I never knew you felt this way..
well it just goes to show you dont now me, I retort.
Quatre looks increasingly uncomfortable. He looks from side to side I can only imagine people are staring.
My eyes stay fixed on Quatre.
Let them stare I think. the do anyway. People do anyway. S]from the momet I walk into school to the moment I leave. 
Saying whatever they say about me. The robot.
Quatre leans back in his chair, I expect him to grab hs bag and leave but he stops, his eyes soften as he looks towrd me.
I-I
m sorry, man. I really didnt mean anything by it. I was just looking out for you were friends. He says.
//When did I ever say were friends Quatre 
We not friends, Quatre. I say blunltly.
quatre shakes and his brows furrow. Fine! he shouts back. Then I'll just find somewhere else to sit! he grabs his precious 
handheld. and tosses his bag over his side. Im leaving he says before walking away.
I saty seated and watch Quatre as he lazily walks aways with his typical ungraceful stride.
students at nearby tables fixate on me and whisoer among themselves till the bell rings sounding the beging of the next period.
--
// What happens next?
// rocky refelcts on what he did.
// Quatre was his only friend
// he begins to wonder why it is he has no friends
// he wonders about his status as a robot and reflects on what might have happened before he lost his memory.
// after school he meets bonne who tells rocky about rei.
// in the next scene we'll learn more about who rei is to rocky.
// but will that mean that I'll have to postpone the scene where rocky learns about rolls conference?
// what happens in the original story?
    * SCENE: LUNCH, BULLIES, AND ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI
    SCENE: ROCKY TAKES RUSH FOR A “WALK”
    SCENE: ROLL’S FIRST NIGHTMARE
    SCENE: ROCKY GOES TO SEE REI
    SCENE: ROLL’S DEBUT
so I changed the first scene.
Rocky will here about Rei and then we'll learn more about her when in the chapter that rocky goes to see rei which will be the next
rei which will be the day of the conference.
so whats the next flow of events?

* Rocky reflects: the recital, qautre, his relationship to people he learns about rei
* then rocky heads home and is reminded about the conference
* Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot
* Roll's nightmare maybe combinded this with above scene
* the next day we see rei
* then it's rolls chapter // rei lies about the date so rocky wouldnt worry during the conference.
after this the next scene is:     SCENE: PARTY AFTER CONFERENCE, A WORKER WAS KILLED
The story is changing a bit. But I'm okay with this. Did I add a scene? I did. But it's fine. Too many and I'll rethink the scedule

------
* SCENE: AFTER LUNCH ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI

The rest of the day goes more or less as expected, minus any innteraction with Quatre.
I can only guess he's avoidng me cause I dont see him at all for the next few periods.
I even started to wonder if perhaps he left early but I didi see him walking out of a classrom the fifth period.
With no one to talk to I spend the rest of the day in thought.
we're not friends I told quatre.
the image of his hurt reaction crosses my mind.
As I start packing my things for the last class I realize I'll be siting outside alonetill ava arrives.
Do I care, I wonder to myself. 
I never asked to be friends with Quatre.
All we ever did was talk about video games and things.
yet...
The students pass by I get the usual side glances.
Over hearing bits and pieces of converstaion as they pass by.
Did you about the robot?
Really and that's his only friend!

My only friend. I wonder why it is I only have-had-one fried?
Do people really hate robots so much? I rmember ava telling me once that maybe I scare some people, cause they're 
scared of robots.
Even a robot like me, who looks just like a boy. Or I'm supposed to.
Uncanny is the word people use.
Cause my hairs too perfect. Cause my cheeks dont get red when I rund around.
Cause my skins too clear and I dont have any pores when you look at it close.

Quartre told me he couldnt tell I was a robot when he first met me. We sat together for weeks till he told me.
I was sure he was lying. Just asking for the right time to ask me something syupid like to shoot a laser or trasnform into a car he could drive in.
That's the only thing others boys ever ask me the ones that will actually talk to me.

I look over standing by the curb and see roll walking out of class she's talking to some gilrs from her classes.
And then I told RRocky look now your big sister says..// if I open on the rectal Roll could reveal here that I found out I was in dev first so I'm older.
sigh... she's still going on about that? 
SOme of the firls however are laughing. I've seen some of them before.
zara, emily, sarah. I know some of their names. // why is roll getting better on socially?
// she could reveal her struggles that rocky never knew she had during the conference interview.
From a distance, talking with her classmates, Roll just looks like a typical gitl, laughing and playing with her typical friends.
Why is it that Roll seems to get along with people so much better than me?

Did I do something? What happened before I lost my memory?
// if I do the above maybe roll could reveal to rocky that she has hiis memories even  his old ones, They find out in the story.
Roll waves bye to her friends and runs next to me.

Hey rocky! she greats me a large smile crosses her face. So howed the rectal go! Your big sister wants to hear all about it!

I shake my head. Roll, I wish Ava never told you, look Your hardly the big sister when you were offline somewhere in lights laboratory
for an entire year while I was online.

Thats just days offline roll insists. We both have to go offline when Dr. Light repairs us? and we still dont change or bithrdays over that. 
So who's coutnting days online? she says proudly crossing her arms.

I'll start counting if you need me to. I say.

Ha! roll laughs. Liked you could keep track.

Now Tell your big sister how it went, she says cheery, before placing her finger to her chin.
Hmm she ponders. You know its strange. you usually always practice. while we wait for ava to pick us up. a sad look crosses her face.
I'm sorry if it didnt go well Roll says she leans over and stands up straight to pat me on the shoulder.
Everyone makes mistakes even robots! she insists.

Being a robot has nothing to do with it, I shrug her hand off my shoulder.

And I played perfextly. Didnt miss a note. How could I with all the practice I did.
I say. vexed. I'm not practicing cause I already mastered it! 
Oh! she claps her hands yay little brother!

// I can wait for rolls dream to reveal the data thing.

Hey, Rocky! a voice approaches. I look behind me to see Bonee a girl from a grade above me.

Oh, hey. I say.

She runs up and catches her breathe. I'm glad I caught you before you guys left.
Whats up I say? 
It's about Rei.
Rei!? I say shocked. hearing a name I havent hear in a while.
I havent heard from her, is she still in the hospital how is she?

She I spoke to her last night. She wants you to go see her. 
Just then Ava's car pulls up.
Het you two AVa shouts sorry I'm late, little mishap at the lab today.

I give ava a slight nod befor eturning back to Bonee who still wears a vexed expression.
She has something to tell me? Why didnt she message me? I ask.
she Bonne fidgets nervously wants to tell you in person, 
whats going on?
Bonee frowns and holds her arms to her chest. Look, she just wants to see you can you visit her tomorrow.
I need to go you two, bye rRocky, Roll, she waves andquicly runs off.
Bye Bonne Roll waves back excitedly.
Yeah bye  I say before picking back up my guiter case and getting in hte back of avas car.
//Of course I say, okay good later bye! She runs off
//we get in rills car
Ava looks back at us into the car mirror, was that bonne that's reis friend right?
Yeah! roll replies
ava asks good to see her, she says before statring the car and pulling out of the parking lot.
as we amke our way out I quietly look out the window.
Rei...

these are the next few scenes:
    * SCENE: Rocky heads home and is reminded about the conference
    * SCENE: Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot
    * SCENE: Roll's nightmare maybe combinded this with above scene
    * SCENE: The next day we see rei
    * SCENE: Rolls chapter // rei lies about the date so rocky wouldnt worry during the conference.
I think I want the timimg to change a little bit. We just got the big reveal about Rei
and there's been an excessive amount of intro spection. I want to break it up a bit.
I want to have Rocky out walking rush, think about rei and his life as a robot.
When rocky comes home he is remended about rolls conference which is the same day as the day he planned to visit rei
// tell her I'll be there tomorrow, is what rocky says.
During the night we get a nightmare and reveal rolls memories. // subject to change.

-     * SCENE: Rocky walks rush and does more reflecting he realizes he's proud to be Light's robot & reminded about conference

the city lights underneath are so bright.
wow...
no matter how many times I city the city from the sky it.. city takes my breathe away.
it's like a drum of glitter was spilled all over the city I thought I knew. the peopel underneath all look so small.
I'm sure that cant see me up here soaring through the night sky. I must look like the shadow of a bird.
I turn forward a breath in the cold night air.
Talking rush out for an evening walk relaxes me like nothing else can, not music, not talking to doctor light not-
arf arf! rush excitedly growls his eyes fixed on a tree below. as were hover over the the city park.
what is it boy a squrieel rush no!
I lean done and grab ahold of sushes next as we go into a nose dive.
we pass through a tree and my mouth is full of leaves and sticks as rush adrags me along to chase some un expecting would land creature.
I look forward and see us headed straight into a the body of a large oak.
Rush up up now! I yess as I tug rush head upwards. We fly up and just barely avoid it.
back in the air, rush gives a happy bark as we continue pasing over the trees below us. I frown well I'm glad your happy I say and brush
the remaining debris out of my hair.

I guess I should have mentioned for us a walk is more like a flight. Our dog rushes legs are able to turn in hover jets.
TSO a walk liek this is just the norm for us.
feeling adventurous I lead rush past our normal circle around the town and fly a little further out to the next city.
we fly up so high I'm sure no one can see us and I look down at the people below us.
// people doing normal things
We were are pretty strange, we robots, huh boy? I say to rush who replies with a saddned growl.
we robots I say to rush. and the more I think about it I wonder if I really have more in common with my dog than I do with the 
kids I go to school with.
Its so strange the more I think about it. I know I'm a robot. I've always known, but I just never feel like I'm different 
from other people.
I look like a a boy, I go to school and take classes with all the other kids my age. i like to wath movies and play games.
nothing about me feels different from anybody else, yet when people see me.
its like they dont see any of that.
all they see is a robot a mechanicla being. not human.
I know I'm a robot. Andits not like I ver e=forgat taht but I geuss sometimes I do.
most robots are just mawalking machines. shovel dirt, move heavy equipment, work onequpiment all day.
you cant even have a converstaion with them, believe I've tried.
they dont have the own interests or personalities all they do is work work work.
I'd be lying if I said that theres werent times I thought of myself as being more human than robot.
I guess deep down I ve always felt taht I was.
but I'm not. I'm not human. I'm a robot.
and thats what people think when they see me.
sometimes sometimes I wish I wasnt a-
my device buzzes and I pull it out of my pocket. a lone text from rei.
see you tomorrow rocky
it reads.

I start typing the words yeah look forawrd to seeing you.

put my device back in my posket.
and think about everthing that happened today.

I feel terrible for what I said to roll.
I guess just deep down I felt jelous.

she always so happy. like evything is fine. taht it doesnt matter that people know she's a robot and treat her differetly.
I dont think roll would be able to say that if she took a walk in my shoes. as far abck as I can remeber, people they always seemed to dislike 
me.
did something before I lost my memroies?
back when me and rei were close.
Oh I knoe, when I see rei tomorrow, I'll ask her. I'll
// protoman rocky did something that scared all the kids
// one day robots will take over you'll be sorry then!
maybe she'll know.
I type out the words
--- this scene is such a mess. I need a rewrite
What happens in theis scene?
// I'll write more just to see where it goes.
no I'm getting an error.

I look ahead and off in the distance I see light labs.
Hey boy lets fly over.
I follow rush as we fly over the dome of light labs.
I tall egg shaped building, painted lights signature color white with blue lining. even this late at night the building and the 
personael surroung the building are filled with life. beautful fountains and grassy ares deorate the enterecne of the build and have starues and fountains
depicting man and machines.

complex is absolutely beautiful, ha just like everything lights ever built.

You rocky are my greatest creation.

Lights words echo through my head.

my creator the brilliant doctor light.
I tighten my fist as I concentrae on my creators words.
I am the creation of doctor light the worlds greatest scitific mind.
I shake my head, and give a slight laugh before feeling a pang of guilt.
How could I be so stupid. wish I wasnt a robot... i'm just the way doctor light made me.
I'm just the way he wants me to be. to wish I was any different well than just an insult to my creator.

Aout with raather rather late tonight rocky?
I here dr lights voice booming throught the speakers of the mega dome.
Ah, doctor light.
Ho ho ho he gievs a hearty laugh. While I'm glad you came to vist me rocky you really must get going ava just told me she was looking for you.
I shout back to the speakers sorry doctor I say, heading abck now.
Hoho good night rocky see you tomorrow!
he says and is voice contiues in my head as I head home.

As we head home again I picture the stage where I would proforming as a famous guitarist. My band finshes my performance and I shoot up my arms to
see an empty stadium.
I guess nobody came-
again a single pair of claping grabs my attention and I turn around to see doctor light entering the stage.
That was a wondeful perfomance. Again he walks up to me and places his hand on my shoulder.
I'm proud of you son.


I think i'll get some more practice tonight. I s
// I'll continue where I left off.
// I'm exploring a new take on the story, specfically the second act.
these are the next few scenes:
    * SCENE: Rocky heads home and is reminded about the conference
    * SCENE: Roll's nightmare maybe combinded this with above scene
    * SCENE: The next day we see rei
    * SCENE: Rolls chapter // rei lies about the date so rocky wouldnt worry during the conference.

-  SCENE: Rocky heads home and is reminded about the conference

By the time me and rush fly back it's completely dark. almost 8pm.
Oh, no. I really hope Ava doesnt ground me.though normally easy going ava hasnt been above grounding me on occasion.
specifically when I do somethingthat brings her reproach from dr. light.
As we land on the sidewalk leading to the door I pull out my device, 5 unread messages and all from Ava. 
The truth is after today I just wanted to avoid people, but I cant tell Ava that, it'll only lead to questions and to more headache.
I discreetly start making my way up the steps when the door flies opens. the light from the entry of the house is almost blinding.
Rocky! Ava shouts in a concerned voice. where were you?
Oh, uh yeah I was out walking rush, I say stammering.
By walking do you mean flying all the way to the next city? Ava raises her eyebrow in a knowing grin. 
She sighs, Do you have any idea how late is?
I emabrrased toss my hand behid my head. Yeah, it took me a while to get home. I think my gps is malfuntioning.
Ava walks up and leans toward me. Rocky you have two gps one in your device and another in that cute little head of yours, she pokes my forehead and 
I flintch. You mean to tell me that both of them were malfunctioning?
Yeah, I say, immediately. There must be some sort of outage in the network. I'll try to fix it with my mental-wifi powers. I press my 
fingers to my scalp and tense my brow like Charles Xavier form the x-men, giving a low, pained grunt.
haha, ava chackles. humor wont get you off the hook this time, rocky, dr. light called me. You need to let me know before you 
go so far so late at night.
Ava smiles. I guess you need to destress after your big recital! I know you've been looking forward to it. How it go? she asks, ethusiasticly.
It uh it went well I say, lying.
So everybody knows who the the best guitar player at Sky Blue High, right?
Yeah! I say, again lying.
Great!
Avaaa! a loud drawn out cry carries on from inside the house till its source runs outside the door.
// Rei texts rocky before bed not when he's out flying.
// So Rocky is going to meet Rei before Kaneda that should be fine.
Roll runs outside the door and stops before Ava in her hands she hold two dresses each by a hanger, one red and one yellow.
What's talking you so long, ava? Roll pouts. I still need help deciding on what dress I'm going to wear for the conference tomorrow!
Ava puts her palm to her face and sighs, they're both adorable. Just pick the one you like best.
That's no help, Roll glares at Ava before turning to me. What about you, Rocky? Which one should I wear? Red, yellow? Yellow, red? Roll says, passing the dresses
in front of her body in rapid succession.
How should I know what dress you should wear, ROll? I sneer. DOnt ask me about girly stuff like that, I dont care, I cross my arms.
now, Rocky Ava wags her finger. You really should be nicer to your sister. Tomorrow's her confereance debut, it's a big day for her. You should 
be more supportive!
Oh! I gasp I completely forgot. Tomooriw is a big day. The worlds first female android will be debuted to the world.
Though Roll had be been online for almost a year now, this will be her first big unveiling to the world.
I had gotten so disatracted preparing for the play, I lost track.
Oh, I say, sorry roll I mutter. I think for a moment while roll holds up the dresses before me awaiting a response.
But I cant choose I say. All dresses look the same to me. I'm a boy.
Roll frowns. One is red and the other is yellow, are boys colorblind? Roll sighs before turning back to Ava.
Ava, if you *had to choose one,* which would it be?
Well, roll, I guess if I had to choose... I'd say yellow!
But I like the red one better, Roll frowns.

---
// this is the same chapter but were seeing rocky before bed.
Eventually we make our way back inside. Somewhere in the living room Roll and ava still seem to be busying themselves preparing for tomorrow.
I'm sure they have a lot of actual work to do, but so far I hadnt seen Roll put down her outfits for a second.

After I change to my pajamas, I find myself already sitting on the edge of my bed with my guitar already out of its case and resting on my lap.
"..." I pause before playing. A gray, bleak feeling comes over me as I look at my hands that are already situatated to play the first few notes of
 our plays opeing piece.
Over at the corner of my room I look again at all my rock band memoribillia.
The world's first robot rockstar... My dream. Maybe the world just isnt ready for that. Maybe it will be one day, though...
I wonder, if I cant make it in showtime, does it make any sense for me to keep practicing?
I close my eyes and try to enviousn my dream.
Standing on a stage my band finishes our first song. I drop my guitar and the strap swings it against my body. I shoot up my arms in triupmh
, "Thank you!"
Hearing nothing, I open my eyes to see an empty stadium. "I guess nobody came."
then I hear series of claps form a single pair of hands
looking behind me, I see dr. light walking across the stage.
A smile cross his wise,poised face as he approaches me.
Remembering the empty stadium I turn my eyes down, I just hope you liked it, doctor...
Again, I feel the doctor's large hand grip my shoulder and I look up.
I course I enjoyed it, he says I'm so very proud of you, son....

I open my eyes, and again I'm back in my bedroom. I smile widely when I see the posters before me.
I press my fingers to the frets and play the first few notes of the recital piece when I hear a sudden buzz from my nightstand. 
I lean over and grab my device.
A message? From Rei?

Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow Rocky. Night.

Oh, that's right!
I completely forgot. Tomorrows is rolls conference, but I already made plans to see Rei in the hospital.
I think for a brief moment before I text back, 

looking forward to it.

Too late to go back on my word now.

I'll just have to see Rei before the conference. I'm sure I'll have enough time.
Leaning in the back of my bed I pull my covers over me. I look across the room to see my trusty steed curled up on his doggy bed.
Get some rest, boy, we have to make some trips tomorrow I say.
Rush half opens his eyes and sticks out his tongue yawning before giving an acknowledging growl.
Tomorrow, I have to be there for two girls very improtant to me.

//Sorry.. I toss my shoulders down in defeat.

//The then, roll exits the 

For now, these are the plans for the next two scenes.
    SCENE: ROLL’S DEBUT
    SCENE: PARTY AFTER CONFERENCE, A WORKER WAS KILLED
// Unless something changes, I think these scenes will be very close to the original versions.



* Scene: Rocky leaves for the hospital to see Rei // from chapter: My Two Sisters

// I'm not sure where rolls dream is going to fit in. Maybe it isnt in this version. We'll see.
// We'll open with Rocky rushing over to the hospital.
// dont forget that rush smells protoman on the way there and that when rocky leaves the hospital rush had ran away.

Wow, rush, watch out! I call out to rush as we speed down the city streets, avoiding the traffic down below. Were headed straight for 
burkners children hospital located directly at the edge of downtown kattleOx.
I had rush to fly straight to school the moment I got out there's not a moment to lose if I want to see rei before Roll's conference 
starts!
Below people along the city streets look in shock as past by hovering above the cars is a seemingly normal looking boy
flying on the back of a red and white robotic dog.
It be faster if we could fly higher and just fly to the hospital in a straight line, but unfortunately due to my poor sense of direction
we're stuck following the navgation system which was only built for normal flows of traffic.

I take a deep breathe and savor the cool air as we glide under the bright autumn sunlight. It's a beautful day to fly.
So beautufl that I hardly pay any mind the the attention we gather from the passeres by.
ducking and manuerring above the streets as we turn sharp corners around the downtown buildings, It's hard not to feel like 
some sort of marvel superhero. hopefully Iron Man as he's my favorite.

And it wouldnt be a stretch to say we were on our way to the rescue either, Rei needed to see us and now me and rush flew through the air 
to answer the call // want to rephrase.

Rei... I say to myself.
The last time we say each other was last year about 8 months ago, right before Roll was turned online. 
I feel horrible when I realize that since Roll been around, I havent given Rei much thought.
// need to organize these thoughts but here's how rocky thinks/feels
Rei... Just her name evokes so many feelings in me. so much so that I cant even think of a word to describe it.
It's a name that means both everything and nothing to me at the same time.

Rei is the daughter of Dr. Kaneda, Dr. light's lead lab scientist who over saw my development.
I've been told that when I first came online, I didnt know hardly anything even how to talk.

Under Dr. Kaneda's care I lived with her and Rei for the first year of my now 3 years of being online.
For an entire year me Rei and Kaneda lived like a family. Everytime I see Rei she'll talk about all the fun we used to have.
The only thing is, I dont remember any of it.

That was before the bug was discovered in my programming and dr. Light had to shut me down for repairs. 
Apparently the bug was so bad that Dr. Light had to completely wipe my hard drive, which meant that
by the time I woke up, I had no memory of anything that happened before.
I still new how to walk and talk and do all those practical things, but my memories of Kaneda, Rei, and
the time we spent together were completely erased.

This has made things between me and Rei... Difficult. She'll often refer to me as things like one of her best friends
and say that we're close as close can be. And I'll I can can do is smile and nod. I cant bring myself to tell her 
that from my point of view, she's a complete stranger to me.

I look down and see the sign: burkners childrens hospital and I know we've arrived. 
// rush smells proto-rocky on the way back.

We drop down and are greeted by a red, white and black hospital with a large bronze statue up front. The statue depicts the founder holding a child in a medical gown.
Despite the age of the building the exterior looks rather well kept and the vallet up front and medical workers walking around seem lively.
I think that the people here must take pride in what they do to help the sick children, and a melancholic smile crosses my face. I walk up to the base of the 
burkeners statue and I turn to rush.
Now boy, I need you to stay here until I get back. No animals are allowed inside and that means robot dogs too.
Rush gives a disapointed growl, but obdeintly bends his hind legs to sit and wait for my return.

I make my way towrds the enterence and as I walk through the sliding glass doors, I am greeted with what appears to be a mix between a hospital
and a magical toyland.
From the waiting room to the small cafe off to the distance every area seems to be decorated with drawings and toys. 
A large statue moldeded to look like a gigantic chess piece sits at the center of the waiting area and around in are boxes filled with toys and games galore.
Across the ways are crayon drawings signed with names that I can only guess belong to the hospital residents.

Along the wall to my left I see an elaborate train track sitting behind a window pane. The track is so long that I cant even see the end of it as it appears to 
follwo along the walls and wrap around the building.

Around the tracks are set up elaborate miniture displays. a woodland, a city, an underground tunnel and even the north pole are dispalyed, and 
set up with an elaborate set of tiny buldings, trees and figurines.

Wow, I gasp before shaking my head, remembering my mission.

I look ahead and and make my way to the front desk were I see several people already in line.
I take the shortest line and do my best to wait paitently as I wait my turn to talk to the receptionisnt.

Next in line.

The woamn behind the counter calls out.
Despite being a hospital for children, the service counter was clearly made for adults.
Hello? next in line the woman working the counter calls out again.

Ah, yes, I call out I'm here I say and stand up on my tip toes bring my eye level right above the counter.
Hmmmm how may I help you the woman says speaking to me while furiosuly typing into a keyboard.
I'm here to see rei, I say.

Could I get a last name? she asks, Kaneda I say

Alright, and you are her pertneer or?
Partner? I say I'm her friend.

Your name?
Rocky Light... I say. coming up with a best guess for my last name. All the paper work at school has an X for my middle name.
and a ROBOT for my last name.

Hmm the woamn mumers. Now I dont see that Light. I see a rocky Kaneda.
kaneda?! I respond rei must have used their last name when putting me on the guest list.
Yes I reply, we're related.... I guess?

Alright she's in room 2334 the woman says pointing, elvators there go to the second floor.

I nod, tahnk you I say before making my way over.
// I'll save the comment about wanting to walk around with rei for later.


// I'm making this a new scene. Rocky arriving at the hospital was already 1,169 words. I'm making the talk with Rei it's own scene.
 
 * Scene: Talk with Rei
Knock knock
 I tap at the partially open door.
 Room 2334. This is where Rei is staying.
 Come in, an unfamiliar 





























































































