SCENE: ROCKY HAS A DREAM AND ROLL WAKES HIM UP

The First Part: Rocky
Chapter 1
Introduction


“Rocky! Rocky!”

Where… Am I?

I looked around me. I was standing up on a stage. The lights were so bright… There was a huge crowd of people watching me. Some were pointing and laughing. …I couldn't remember the words... 
“Rocky!”
Doctor… He was.. Calling out my name… I couldn't remember what I was supposed to say. 
My whole body shook nervously.
“Rocky!”
The curtains closed. I looked behind me. There was a large robotic hand. It glowed red hot and started to move towards me. Getting closer and closer, and closer, until…

“Rocky!”
“OOFF!”

I woke up in my bed to find my sister Roll jumping on top of me.
“Rocky, I had it again! I had it!”

Our dog Rush quickly joined Roll, and hopped up on my bed as well. Stepping on my legs several times before hopping back off and going back to sleep on the floor.
I checked the time using the clock on my internal interface. 
“Roll it’s 3:15am! I have practice in the morning…”

Roll’s face was lit up with excitement. Her green eyes seeming to glow somehow despite the fact that the room was completely dark other than the little moonlight that slid in between the closed window blinds. She pulled her hair, which was normally pulled back in a neat ponytail, out of her face. “Rocky, I had it again. Do you wanna hear what it was?”

“Sigh…” My little sister Roll. Well, I call her my little sister. She was actually in development before me, but only came online a few months ago. Deciding who is the older sibling can get pretty complicated when you’re both robots. 

Roll’s design is a little different from mine, in fact. I was turned online not knowing anything. It took about three years of experience before I was able to mature to where I am now. 
In my first year of life I looked the same, but I was really like a baby in terms of what I knew. I had to learn everything from scratch. The lab assistants taught me how to read and write. With Roll, Dr. Light decided he would do something different.

Still sitting on the edge of my bed, still waiting for my attention, Roll began her story. “I was playing guitar, and then this big red monster jumped on top of me. Then I fell off a building! And then, when I stood up, a giant took my guitar away and started to pull all the strings out!”

I thought about it for a moment.

 “...Oh! That was from my second year when Rush jumped on me when I was playing guitar. I dropped it and Oscar from grade twelve came over and helped me replace the strings.”
“Oh, really?”

When Dr. Light was programming Roll he used my memory data so that she would be the same “age” as me when she came online. At least in terms of knowledge. He said that Roll would only know practical skills I’ve learned. Like how to walk, and read... However… As time has gone on, I've learned that Roll actually has access to some of my personal memories… It started when she would wake up with dreams in the middle of the night and share them with me. I couldn't help, but notice how similar they were to things that have happened to me in the past…

At this point, Roll pretty much remembers half of my life during last year. Even all the most embarrassing stuff. It’s really annoying. Honestly.

Roll slammed her hands against the side off my bed and started to jump up and down. “What happened afterwards? Did you ever get the guitar fixed? Where is it now? Can I play with it?”

Even though Roll is supposed to be my “age” she really acts just like a kindergartener sometimes. She cries when she doesn't get her way, she will blurt out the most embarrassing things at the most awkward times. It’s so annoying. I've told Dr. Light about it, but insists it isn't a problem. He doesn't have to put up with her as much as I do.

“No, Roll! I have to go back to sleep. Now go back to bed or I won't help you understand your dreams anymore!”
After hearing this, she sprinted out of the room.

She ran away and my room was filled with light from the hallway.

…She could have at least shut the door behind her…

I got up. Locked my bedroom door, and crawled back in bed.
“....”

“Shoot, now I’m awake.”

SCENE: ROCKY REMEMBERS THE ZOO
2

I spent the next hour lying in bed dazing in and out of sleep. Staring up at the ceiling my mind busied itself with random things... Mostly, I thought about the day I had just before. 

I had gone on a field trip to the zoo with my classmates and Roll.
 It was the first time in my life I got to see so many exotic animals up close. Giraffes, boars, elephants and even a tiger! I was sad because the lion was not on display that day. I wonder if the lion was sick?

All the kids in my class were surprised I took an interest in wild animals.

“I thought you only liked robot animals, like Rush.”

Samantha said that to me. I have known her for a year now. I was shocked she would say something like that. We see each other everyday at school. We've attended classes together… We’ve even played together in band! Why wouldn't I like to see the animals like everybody else? 
Does she really think I’m so different? A robot who only cares about robotic things? I'm not like that at all!

I remember what that one jerk, Steven, said.
“He probably just wants to learn more about our planet for when robots take us over!”

So stupid… It ticks me off that he would say that in front of everybody and nobody would even correct him. Not even our teacher Ms. Buller!

I don't think robots could take over humans if they wanted to! Most robots can't even think for themselves. They just shovel dirt all day. Most of them don't even have arms and legs… I don’t think robots are better than humans. If you count Roll, we are probably on the losing team.

I remember during our trip at the zoo, at least two times, Roll fell into the animals’ living area!

We were walking across the bridge over where the giraffe habit was when Roll saw some people reaching out their hands to feed the giraffes.

“Hey Rocky, let's feed the giraffes! Let’s feed the giraffes!”

Roll ran across the sidewalk, and tore some grass out of the ground. She reached out over the bridge’s ledge to feed the weeds she was holding to the giraffes.

“Roll, you can't just give any plant to the giraffes. You have to feed them something that they like to eat.”

“Really?”

“You see that stand over there? They sell lettuce so you can feed it to the giraffes.”

Roll immediately ran towards where I was pointing and approached the smiling old man working the stand.
“I'd like some lettuce please.” Roll said.

“All right little girl. Each head is 500 zenny.”
Roll reached around her body to find pockets even though her dress didn't have any. Having no luck, she ran back to me.

“Rocky! Rocky! Do you have any money with you? Each head is 500 zenny. “
“Yes, Roll I heard him.” I readed into my pocket. “Here you go.”

Roll screamed happily as she ran back towards the edge of the bridge carrying her new head of lettuce.
She stood up on the ledge and reached out as far as she could towards the giraffes.

“Hey giraffes, here! Here! I have some lettuce!”

As Roll continued to reach out, farther and farther, I could see that she was about to fall off the ledge.

“Oh, giraf-Ah!” 
Roll finally slipped off the edge and started plummeting towards the ground below.
“Roll!”
I ran as fast as I could, jumped up, leaned my body off the edge, and caught hold of Roll’s leg right before she fell down too far for me to catch.

Roll swung by her leg off the side of the bridge as I held onto her, the skirt of her dress fell down and covered face completely. 

Behind me I could hear some sleazy boys from my class talking among themselves.

“You know I always wondered…”
“White, frilly, and everything…”
“Hehehe frilly. Hehehe.”

Roll looked up at me shouting. “Rocky, you caught me!”
“Roll, what were you thinking!” 

While I was still holding on to her and she was hanging upside down, a giraffe finally came by and started to eat the lettuce from out of Roll’s hands. 
“Ewww you’re getting slobber all over me... You're worse than Rush!”

Our PE teacher Takashi finally decided to come help us, huffing and painting as he walked.

“Hoo, Okay Rocky.. On the count of three we’re going to pull Roll up.” He grabbed onto Roll’s other leg, and struggled to assist me.  “Hoo, you’re pretty heavy for such a little thing..” He looked turned his head to me. “Okay Rocky, on the count of three we're gonna pull her up. 1,2,3,...”
“...”

It was after the second time Roll almost fell off a ledge into the animal’s habitat while looking at the boars that our biology teacher Ms. Buller approached me.

“Don't you and Roll share the same programming, Rocky? Don't you know not to stand up on ledges?”

I felt so embarrassed when Ms. Buller asked me this. All my classmates heard her say it.

Even those three sleazy kids.
“Maybe there’s a bug in her programming…”
“Yeah, some type of bug…”
“Hehehe bug, hehehe.”

“Of course I know not to do that!” I almost shouted in reply. “I'm not stupid like Roll!”

Later when I had the chance, I finally pulled Roll aside to talk to her.

“Roll, you almost fell off a ledge into the animal habitats two times! You're making us look bad!”
She looked at me teary eyed.
“I just…wanted to look at the animals…”
“Roll, your supposed to be a ten year-old, but you act like a stupid baby!” I shouted. “You’re stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!”

Roll had started to cry when Ms. Buller came over to scold me.

“Rocky, you really ought to be nicer to your little sister. You're making her cry!”
“I… I was just… ugh...”

Ms. Buller took Roll by the hand and walked with her.
“Come on Roll, the class is going to the snow cone stand. You can eat snow cones too, can’t you?”
Roll cheered up immediately .
As they continued to walk Ms. Buller looked back at me. 
“You come too Rocky!”
“Ugh!”

I was still thinking about the day before when my alarm system started to go off. 

“It’s already 7am? I didn't sleep at all!”
