
there was a light clap from my music teacher, Ms. Hodan.

Good job Rocky. she quickly said.
Okay, Steven, your turn for a solo performance.

That was it?
I hhad been prepsrin for this moment the last two months. I played perfectly. Better than perfect.
Towards the end I even added those seperate chords from the full song. And while I cant claim
to have played as well as an actual prefoessional performer, I know at least in this class I played better than everyone ever has.
And levels above where I started.

The response from my classmates was even more cold.
as I rested my head in my hands and began to look down at the floor, my eyes cosiously glanced around the room. there was absolutely zero acknowledgment
of me and the performance I just gave.

steven after taking about 5 minutes to tune his guitar, he actually shows up to class with an untuned guitar, and , he also didnt finish tuning it by the way, began to play
he chose hehehkfkfk, the exact same song I did. I listened intently as he fat-finger every other chord throught the entire section. 
being sure to let the buzzig ring of a badly played final notes ring throughout the room. he leaned back on his chair and appeared to rest.
apparently proud of the performance he just gave.

as the screeching thud aroud around the room died down there was an instant applause.

clap clap clap.

wonderful work steven. Ms hodan said. Best performance this sememester.

steven gave a confident smile.

It was nothing.
 he said.
 I actually agreed.
 The other students gave a energetic response.

 that was a amzing steven 
 that was perfect steven
 youre the best steven, a boy said befre learnong towards steven to give him a high-five.

 perfect? Best performance. Is there somehing wrong with my hearing system.
 I rubbed my ears for a moment feeling nervous. Perhaps I was in need for some repairs? I couldnt tell what was going on.
How d you play so well another student asked him
Practice. just hard work. Steven bluntly stated, a cocky smile on his face.
I hope he didnt practice too much.

After tthe excitement died down ms. hodan continued.
Let stevens example be a lesson for you class. If you want to really shine in orchestra, alll you have to do do is put in the work.
you dont have too have been doing this long or be be a robot to succeed. Suceeding in music takes practice dedcation.

There was a series of slight snickers that echoed throughout the room. and despite still looking down, I caught at least a couple sideways 
glances in my direction.

I felt my stomach drop. so, that what this is about, isnt it?

as the class wrapped up I, I sat still in my chair guitar in my lap eying my music book. I wanted to leave after after everyone else did.

more studets came up to congragualete steevn on his performance.
you reallly inspire me. one said. 

hard work? so people didnt think I worked. The had worked hard. I'd been preparing for this day for months now.
Did every one here think that I was uncapble of work just cause I'm a robot? they've seen me in this class they've seen me improve.

what was it they thoguht any way. That just because I was a robot I was incapable of effort?
That I simply installed a new program every time I got a little better.
I was just as much programmed with guitar knowleged as they were born with it.

Well at least I know my hearing is fine. Which is what my scanners told me anyway.

all the other students having left the room I looked up and saw ms. hodan finishing packing her things.
I avoided saying anything to her and put my guitar in my case as I was a bout to step out the music room ms. hodan turned to me.
Good job today Rocky, youre play was perfect.
Perfect. she let the word drag out.

so that was it huh? perfect.

the lunch bell 
// rockys worries about doig things too well becuse he's a robot
// he talk to quatre about his insecurites as a robot
// rocky wants to be great, but now wonders about doing anything too well

// I'd like to write about rocky's first experiecnes of coming on line









