so right now, I want to get to know more about Rocky's and Roll's situation at school before the story starts.
I talked about it a bit in the first draft, but I'd like to go about it in a more concise way. I want to explore it a bit.

one scene I wanted in the first draft never ended up happening the scene where Rocky the first spends time around
kids his age and gets bullied.

I've thought that I'd like the first rocky to go to school the same school as the second rocky.
By the time the second rocky replaces him, he finds himself surrounded by kids who dont like him and judge him for 1) being a robot,
and 2) past expereices they had with him.

This is a strange experience for Rocky the second. even though he is more socially attuned than rocky and deals with less trauma and emotional
problems he none-the less finds himself in a situation with a status quo.

This is why Rocky really ends up shutting oithers out as a default.
I'm still not sure what I want the time period to be for all this.

1- Rocky the first is in school
2- Rocky the second replaces proto-rocky in school
3- Roll comes online

I dont want these time periods to be long. As short as possible, honestly.
And just enough time so I can slip MM 4 in somewhare.
Probaly like a year at most.

When we enter the world of MegaMan we find the truth of Wil's introduction.
Of course there is fear and uncertanty surronding robots and AI but much like the current situation with LLMs, people remain
largley passive and continue to utilize the technologies despite the fears and uncertainties. 
The more I think about it the more it make me suspocious of people the facte that some many people (myself included) have fear and uncertanty
around AI but contiue to ustilize the technology regardless.
Once the wave is in place what is one to do anyway?


I recognize Rocky is feeling a lot of the same things I'm feeling right now.
Perhaps I need to look deeper into my emotions. I'm not as anti-social as I act in this neighborhood I almost forget that.
Look how I am at stores or at the shelter.
The issue is how I relate to peers, how I relate to people in a context where I dont feel safe, where people already have a negative opinion of me.
I wonder if Rocky feels the same way?
Maybe he has friends through Quatre who dont know that he is even a robot. 
How does rocky feel about being a robot?
He feels pride but something else... not shame... but a fear fear that people judge him for it.
Maybe even deeo down a fear that there is something wron with him.
That he is less good, less worthy.

How would my life have been as a boy if I was a robot?

Rocky, would you let me look deeper into your life, your wourld? I'd reaaly like to get to know you better.
And know everything that happened.
--
what was it like for Rocky when he first came online?
He didnt remeber everything that happened before being reset he didnt remember the operating table or everything that happened in Protomans flashback scene I know that.
Deep within rockys unconscios he has all of protomans memories but I'm not sure he explicitly remembers anything till the end. I think that 
rocky still is influenced by these memories at an uncosncious level.

he came online raised by ava living with her. He found himself in a school situation surrounded by children that didnt like him that thought he was weak
many that bullied him in the past.
I wonder what that must have been like for rocky walking into someone elses shoes someome was disliked and not thought well of?
He used to be older than the other kids his age.
Perhaps rocky the first went to kindergarten?
Elementary school: Kindergarten through 5th grade, ages 5–10
if protoman was with six year olds, rocky is with 7 year olds, rocky is modled to be 8 years old and feels comfortable in his body at the start of act 1
When did roll come online?
SHe came online less than a year ago I think. That would in part explain her very infantile behavior and why now she is being shown to the world.
 


-- Rocky first coming online

I opened my eyes. Ithe intense light from the roof above me causeed me paise. I shut and opened them before  lifting my head.
Before me I saw the smiling face a woman I never met. A face that seemed somehow familar.
Good morning Rocky... her voice daragged out on the last word.
Ro-? I tried to repeat her but my voice was stiff, was that My voice.
As I moved my arms against the table to sit up I fet a strong hand grip my shoulder.
"Rocky" hhe peated. That is your name.
And I am your creator. Doctore Thomas Light, he gave a confident smile.
Doctor?... I said staring up into the face of the man who created me. His long white hair and bright blue eyes 
grabbed my attention I took in the features of the man who created me.
Youre my creator?
I asked. Doctor light waved his hand gesturing across the room.
Yes rocky, we built you in this very lab. you are the first, the first of a new kind a boy made entirely out of robotics.

I looked around the laboratory whuch was white brigh and vast. So white there hardly seemed to be anything that wasnt.
The room was filled with machines the two metal claws which had been towering before me retracted and the machines rollded themselves into a corner.
There were only three people in the room me Doctor light and woman behind the counter. I pointed towrds her.
I am rocky and you are doctor light , what is your name? I asked her as she began to move her mouth Dr. Light started. she is Dr. kaneda
an assistant of mine. She has been integral in your develpemnt. Kaneda gave a forced smile and she stood up.
Dr. light. she said, if you'll excuse me I must-
Oh, I understand Kaneda light said, it is well enough now please I'm sure Ava will be here any moment to-
at that moment a door opened as another person opeened the room. a tall dark haired woman with finely colored red painted lips.
She looked at me and clapsed her hands and excitement. Dr. Light! Is he ready? she asked.

Indeed he is Ava. Come now rocky please stand.
I swung my legs off the table whihc was considerable taller than me and jumpred to the floor. I shifted my body which I was still
getting used to to avoid falling. 
Now rocky please follow ava she will be overseeing your development from now on. I ask that you will obey her commands. Come on Rocky.
Ava said to me givinga wink.
She turned towards the door. Your life startts today. Arent you excited?
I lloked towards Ava before turning to doctor light I shifted around. 
Light whats the matter rocky? Did I not just ask you to listen to ava?
Light asked eyebrow raised.
Dr. Light, I said slowly taking in for the first time the sound of me voice. Since you are my creator, should I stay with you?
Doctor Light paused vefore giving a hearty laugh. Ho ho Rocky I appreciated the sentiment but I am a very busy man.
Much too busy to trifle myself with raising a growing robotic boy such as your self. He pushed me on the back causing me to move forward.
Now go follow with Ava. I guarentee we will shall meet soon Rocky. You are , after all, my greatest creation.
Greatest creation?

Ava gave a small laugh now come on rocky there's a lot we have to do before your first day at school. She she stuck out her hand easing me to take it.
I stepped forward and place my hand inside of hers. As I took my first step through the door I stopped and looked back into the lab taking one 
last look at my creators.

Good bye Doctor Light, he gave a smiling nod.
Good by Dr. Kaneda, Kaneda, who was packing her things, stopped and looked at me briefly beofre turning back to what she was doing.

I felt a tug on my arm and followd AVa as we walked through the door.


//VERY happy with how this turned out. Will it ever be in the story? Either way. I'm happy with it.


-- Rocky's First(?) Day at School

An upgrade?
Yes an an upgrade.
So, I'm very sorry but Rocky has lost most if not all of his previous memories.

The day after we left the lab I was taken to the house where me and the lady Ava, would be staying.
I was suprised to see other robbot when I was there. Servbots Ava called them but they were difficult to talk to.
Rocky, ava told me, the serbots arent like you. You were modeled after humans, while the servbots they... well you can think of them as tools. She said.
If you ever need anything like food of a drink be sure to ask them and they'll get it for you.

I turned to the one servebot I had been trying to talk to.
Okay I said. As long as I you dont mind, do you?

The servebot just started blankly giving no response. The robots large eyes remained bright and wide I started to wonder if they ever blink.
I poked the servbot with my finger to see its reaction but accidentily knocked it down.

Oh, sorry I said.

Ava chuckled. Hey servbot, why dont you go grab me and rocky some lemondae while I show him to his room.
The short robot quickly stood itself up and gave a solute.
Yes, miss Ava. It said in a high-pitched digitized voice before heading over to the kitchen.

Well follow me Rocky!

As I followed Ava to the house I thought about that servbot and its blank stare. Was I really one of them? I wondered.
As we walked up the steps, I looked at my hands and pinched the skin of my arm. Warm and soft, totally unlike the feeling of the servbot.
I thought to myself, I guess a robot boy is more boy than robot.

The rest of the evening Ava spent Showing me my clothes and things. Telling me what my life would be like with her from now on.
Tomorrow I would be going to school, a place where human boys and girls go to learn about the world.
I wasnt even in school yet and I'm already learning so much.

Do you think I'll be able to learn everything? I asked Ava.
I'm sure you'll be fine Rocky. she said confidently. You're Dr. Light's creation, I'm sure you'll be the most popular boy in school!

Really? I replied. Is Dr. light popular? I asked. 2/5
Rocky, Ava said in suprise, I'm suprised that info is already in your databanks
youre creator is the worlds most brillian scientist.
Really? I said in response.
she leaned over and poked my forehead.
Just how do you think you exist anyway?

And that's what led us to today.

and to speaking with the large framed suited man before us. Principal Paxton, ava called him.

Losing all his memories. Paxton muttered. Well, that certaily makes things more difficult.
We were inside of the principal's office. the door was open and lead to the hallway. a series of loud noise came through and 
I saw the students start pouring in. Boys and girls wearing the same school uniform I was drassed in. I guess these children were all my classmates.
Today Iwould start coming to take classes with them. Observing their features, some were shorter than me some taller different collors of hair and skin
but each one hair, skin, a mouth a nose eyes.
yes, I said to myself, I was right. a robot boy is more boy than robot. the machines in the lab and the servbots at home looked nothing like me.
a smile spread over my face as I finally realized that this was where I belonged.

PPrincipal Paxton looked down at me. Surely you remember me dont you Rocky?

I looked up and shook my head. 
No, sorry, I said.
The principal shrugged his shoulders. Well, I suppose it cant be helped. Rocky had hardly attened his classes last sememester so I suppose it is all the same
He looked towards Ava. I'll communicate this with his teachers. But I do hope this memory reset won't be a regular occurance. I'm not sure
we'll bee able to accoadate a robotic student that constantly forgets where he is and the people around him.

Ava laughed. Oh, that shouldnt be an issue. she said, smiling. She looked down at me. 
Now Rocky, follow mr. Paxton and he'll lead you to your home room. and awith a wave she left the room.

I followed the principal and I onserved our surrondings as I did so. The walls of the hallways

// rocky meets kids who already "know" him
// he's suprised by their lack of reaction
// he thinks they dont know if he's a robot and he wonders if he should reveal it.
// A bully will refer to rocky as a robot


2/6

I followed the principal and I onserved our surrondings as I did so. The walls of the hallways were lined with these metal pillars called lockers. I saw students 
twisting the black dile on the front of it before opeing it. Pulling out there backpacks and other items. I already had my backpack strapped across my back but I wondered
if in the future I might need to keep it in a locker like the other students seem to.

Mr. Paxton,
Principal paxton. he inturupted.
Sorry... I said I ws wondering. Will I get a locker too?
The pricipal looked down at me at let out a deep sigh. yes rocky. I'm sure you already have one he said. I'm not sure I've ever been asked so many questions within 
such a shirt time frame he shook his head before stopping and gesturing towards the door. This is your home room rocky he said. If you have any questions please 
give them to your teacher or the other students. I'm sure they'll be happy to help you once your teacher mkaes them aware of the situation. Principal paxton
opened the door and with a wave of his hand guestured for me to walk in.

Onc inside i could see a woman about the principals age wearing a long black blouse with a strange pink pattern wrapped across.
The badge on her chest said Ms. Buller. Before her desk were rows of seats where the students sat, some of them activeliy taking notes others whispering
in conversation while other stared out the window. The eyes of the students looked towards me as I stepped forward before quickly continuing with what they were 
doing before.
Rocky. ms buller said.
Principal Paxton who was at the door exchange a nod with the teacher before gently closing it.
Ms. Buller looked towards the class. Rocky, go  ahead and take a seat I'll need stay here after class so I can have a brief talk with you.

Yes, ma'am I said and looked and took the first open seat I could find, about three rows down from the first.
I sat down placing my bag beside me as Ms. Buller continued her speech. While trying to pay attention I couldnt help but look around me as ms. buller spoke.
The students, to my suprise, seemed to pay me little mind. A couple of them briefly looking my direction as I looked around, but only for a moment. From what I could tell
not a single expression seemed at all to be suprised in anyway.

// ms. buller talks about homeroom related things.

strange... I thought. nobody seems... nobody seems to be saring at me. I remembered what ava said about how famous dr. light is and how I'd be the most popular boy at school 
// rocky asks if he can have a locker but one has already been assigned to him.
// Rocky is starting a new grade. Maybe this is a new school. Same classmates at least some but he doesnt know that yet.
Nobdy here seemed at all suprised or curiosu when they looked at me. Me. the robot boy/
the only robot here. 
Rocky!
ms. buller called out.
I know youre very curious about everything right now but it's important for you to pay attention and take notes like everyone else. I hope you brought a 
notebook with you?
Y-yes! I leaned over and unzipped my bag which was already   



























