








- notes from first draft


wily tells us why hes writng
wily gives us his life story
wily meets light and they form a company
light becomes a celbrty
there is backlash against their work
wily tells us why he made robots
their work is put on hold
light continues to generate interest
light suggests biomedical work but wily refuese
for a time the interest around robots and light dies down
light loved the attention wily loathed it
Wily tells us of light next move: the creation of rocky
----
what is a good opening line?
I want it to imply the main problem of the novel.
The problem Rocky finds an answer to: "I'm glad I had the chance to be alive." 

"perhaps... it would have been better if we had never created our machines."
something like the above.
It delves straight into the problem, and gets the reader thinking.

-- 2nd draft
Below are excerpts from the autobiography of Dr. Waldo Wily (2001 - 20XX)

Perhaps it would have been better if we never made our machines.

I should a brief summary of who I am and how we got here. I am Waldo Wily, a leading scientist and as
 the reader I'm sure is aware the former partner of the famous Dr. "Light"

I was working as a professor when I first heard of the new company Light Labs, intially I'll admit I had experieced
some jelousy when I heard of the successful business venture of my former collegue Harry Leight but that 
jealousy turned quickly to excitement when Leght reached out to me to be a partner in his business.
Our business? to design and produce a series of robits that we had long dreamed of as studnets. RRegretably, 
the intiall funding for our program was funded by our work for the government to produce for the miltary
but it was not long before Light labs atood as a private company, mass producing our robtics, 
through the cration of our worker bots, Light Labs qucikly became a household name.

The more our products gained popularity, the lass Leight would accompany me in the lab. and the more often 
I would see him on the feed, giving talks of the next genration of AI.

Light craved the attention, the fame, to have his face seen by the ignorant masses. The fool even had the audacity to change his name to "Light." 
I on the other hand loathed the controversy
and sought to keep our work as much away from generating scruty as possible.

This would would all change however when our labour intensive digman series released. As if over night, 
thousdands of jobs were taken from individuals with our robots putin their place.
The govermnnt quickly increased legislation and went so far as to even put a complete hault on our work.
By that time, I embraced the leave and cut my ties with Light Labs.

The scrutny of our robitcs was wide spread and Leight and myself were villianized often. I acknowleged the 
problems our work presented to mankind, but still new that through it the human species was taking a step in the right direction.

With the aid of our machines the days humans had to spend their days laboring to transport necessities, 
toiling in hot fields fighting wars and laboring long hours under the sun were over. The curse of Adam... Could now
become a thing of the past.
Instead, humanity could instead spend its days... Advancing science, creating art, reflecting our their days. 
With the aid of robitcs, all humanity could live as kings and queens.

I had expected Leight to fade into obscruty along with myself as the restrictions poured in, but it was now
more than ever I would see lights name as I scrolled through the feed.

Light speaks of the next generation of AI!
Light leads the way for both man and machine!

A sad attempt to gained what attention he could gather now that our worker bots had been so heavily regulated.

SO I thought. till I heard the name rocky.

I saw him at the same time you all did.
I had hoped at first it was all a publicity stunt, but I knew Light would never be satisfied with that.

We were made to put a halt to our research... making tools. Robotic tools. But tools.
We made mmachines without complex memory, without interests or desires, and still we were attacked as though we were trying
to bring an end to civilaization.
And still, Leigh had the audacity to do something like that.

Rocky... the robotic boy.
Sesnation, emotions,.... Free-will...
They showed tapes of of scientists in the lab raising rocky. Treating him as you would an infatant. teaching him to walk,
to speak to read and write. A video showed the boy falling down and crying.

How long had let kept this a secret from me? 
I saw it and still I could hardly believe it.
That Leight used our research to build such a thing... Or rather boy?

The science wasnt even clear.
Did humanity just create life? Or just the worlds most complex puppet?

One thing was for certain however, that this world was ready for the Rocky.

And the robotic boy, poor Rocky, wasnt ready for a world like this. 

[Queue intro]
MEGAMAN /// The Prototype























