

MegaMan:
// The Prototype


 
Part One: Rocky
// will list chapters later
Part Two: Protoman
	//
Part Three: MegaMan
	//


 


SCENE: ROCKY HAS A DREAM AND ROLL WAKES HIM UP

The First Part: Rocky
Chapter 1
Introduction


“Rocky! Rocky!”

Where… Am I?

I looked around me. I was standing up on a stage. The lights were so bright… There was a huge crowd of people watching me. Some were pointing and laughing. …I couldn't remember the words... 
“Rocky!”
Doctor… He was.. Calling out my name… I couldn't remember what I was supposed to say. 
My whole body shook nervously.
“Rocky!”
The curtains closed. I looked behind me. There was a large robotic hand. It glowed red hot and started to move towards me. Getting closer and closer, and closer, until…

“Rocky!”
“OOFF!”

I woke up in my bed to find my sister Roll jumping on top of me.
“Rocky, I had it again! I had it!”

Our dog Rush quickly joined Roll, and hopped up on my bed as well. Stepping on my legs several times before hopping back off and going back to sleep on the floor.
I checked the time using the clock on my internal interface. 
“Roll it’s 3:15am! I have practice in the morning…”

Roll’s face was lit up with excitement. Her green eyes seeming to glow somehow despite the fact that the room was completely dark other than the little moonlight that slid in between the closed window blinds. She pulled her hair, which was normally pulled back in a neat ponytail, out of her face. “Rocky, I had it again. Do you wanna hear what it was?”

“Sigh…” My little sister Roll. Well, I call her my little sister. She was actually in development before me, but only came online a few months ago. Deciding who is the older sibling can get pretty complicated when you’re both robots. 

Roll’s design is a little different from mine, in fact. I was turned online not knowing anything. It took about three years of experience before I was able to mature to where I am now. 
In my first year of life I looked the same, but I was really like a baby in terms of what I knew. I had to learn everything from scratch. The lab assistants taught me how to read and write. With Roll, Dr. Light decided he would do something different.

Still sitting on the edge of my bed, still waiting for my attention, Roll began her story. “I was playing guitar, and then this big red monster jumped on top of me. Then I fell off a building! And then, when I stood up, a giant took my guitar away and started to pull all the strings out!”

I thought about it for a moment.

 “...Oh! That was from my second year when Rush jumped on me when I was playing guitar. I dropped it and Oscar from grade twelve came over and helped me replace the strings.”
“Oh, really?”

When Dr. Light was programming Roll he used my memory data so that she would be the same “age” as me when she came online. At least in terms of knowledge. He said that Roll would only know practical skills I’ve learned. Like how to walk, and read... However… As time has gone on, I've learned that Roll actually has access to some of my personal memories… It started when she would wake up with dreams in the middle of the night and share them with me. I couldn't help, but notice how similar they were to things that have happened to me in the past…

At this point, Roll pretty much remembers half of my life during last year. Even all the most embarrassing stuff. It’s really annoying. Honestly.

Roll slammed her hands against the side off my bed and started to jump up and down. “What happened afterwards? Did you ever get the guitar fixed? Where is it now? Can I play with it?”

Even though Roll is supposed to be my “age” she really acts just like a kindergartener sometimes. She cries when she doesn't get her way, she will blurt out the most embarrassing things at the most awkward times. It’s so annoying. I've told Dr. Light about it, but insists it isn't a problem. He doesn't have to put up with her as much as I do.

“No, Roll! I have to go back to sleep. Now go back to bed or I won't help you understand your dreams anymore!”
After hearing this, she sprinted out of the room.

She ran away and my room was filled with light from the hallway.

…She could have at least shut the door behind her…

I got up. Locked my bedroom door, and crawled back in bed.
“....”

“Shoot, now I’m awake.”

SCENE: ROCKY REMEMBERS THE ZOO
2

I spent the next hour lying in bed dazing in and out of sleep. Staring up at the ceiling my mind busied itself with random things... Mostly, I thought about the day I had just before. 

I had gone on a field trip to the zoo with my classmates and Roll.
 It was the first time in my life I got to see so many exotic animals up close. Giraffes, boars, elephants and even a tiger! I was sad because the lion was not on display that day. I wonder if the lion was sick?

All the kids in my class were surprised I took an interest in wild animals.

“I thought you only liked robot animals, like Rush.”

Samantha said that to me. I have known her for a year now. I was shocked she would say something like that. We see each other everyday at school. We've attended classes together… We’ve even played together in band! Why wouldn't I like to see the animals like everybody else? 
Does she really think I’m so different? A robot who only cares about robotic things? I'm not like that at all!

I remember what that one jerk, Steven, said.
“He probably just wants to learn more about our planet for when robots take us over!”

So stupid… It ticks me off that he would say that in front of everybody and nobody would even correct him. Not even our teacher Ms. Buller!

I don't think robots could take over humans if they wanted to! Most robots can't even think for themselves. They just shovel dirt all day. Most of them don't even have arms and legs… I don’t think robots are better than humans. If you count Roll, we are probably on the losing team.

I remember during our trip at the zoo, at least two times, Roll fell into the animals’ living area!

We were walking across the bridge over where the giraffe habit was when Roll saw some people reaching out their hands to feed the giraffes.

“Hey Rocky, let's feed the giraffes! Let’s feed the giraffes!”

Roll ran across the sidewalk, and tore some grass out of the ground. She reached out over the bridge’s ledge to feed the weeds she was holding to the giraffes.

“Roll, you can't just give any plant to the giraffes. You have to feed them something that they like to eat.”

“Really?”

“You see that stand over there? They sell lettuce so you can feed it to the giraffes.”

Roll immediately ran towards where I was pointing and approached the smiling old man working the stand.
“I'd like some lettuce please.” Roll said.

“All right little girl. Each head is 500 zenny.”
Roll reached around her body to find pockets even though her dress didn't have any. Having no luck, she ran back to me.

“Rocky! Rocky! Do you have any money with you? Each head is 500 zenny. “
“Yes, Roll I heard him.” I readed into my pocket. “Here you go.”

Roll screamed happily as she ran back towards the edge of the bridge carrying her new head of lettuce.
She stood up on the ledge and reached out as far as she could towards the giraffes.

“Hey giraffes, here! Here! I have some lettuce!”

As Roll continued to reach out, farther and farther, I could see that she was about to fall off the ledge.

“Oh, giraf-Ah!” 
Roll finally slipped off the edge and started plummeting towards the ground below.
“Roll!”
I ran as fast as I could, jumped up, leaned my body off the edge, and caught hold of Roll’s leg right before she fell down too far for me to catch.

Roll swung by her leg off the side of the bridge as I held onto her, the skirt of her dress fell down and covered face completely. 

Behind me I could hear some sleazy boys from my class talking among themselves.

“You know I always wondered…”
“White, frilly, and everything…”
“Hehehe frilly. Hehehe.”

Roll looked up at me shouting. “Rocky, you caught me!”
“Roll, what were you thinking!” 

While I was still holding on to her and she was hanging upside down, a giraffe finally came by and started to eat the lettuce from out of Roll’s hands. 
“Ewww you’re getting slobber all over me... You're worse than Rush!”

Our PE teacher Takashi finally decided to come help us, huffing and painting as he walked.

“Hoo, Okay Rocky.. On the count of three we’re going to pull Roll up.” He grabbed onto Roll’s other leg, and struggled to assist me.  “Hoo, you’re pretty heavy for such a little thing..” He looked turned his head to me. “Okay Rocky, on the count of three we're gonna pull her up. 1,2,3,...”
“...”

It was after the second time Roll almost fell off a ledge into the animal’s habitat while looking at the boars that our biology teacher Ms. Buller approached me.

“Don't you and Roll share the same programming, Rocky? Don't you know not to stand up on ledges?”

I felt so embarrassed when Ms. Buller asked me this. All my classmates heard her say it.

Even those three sleazy kids.
“Maybe there’s a bug in her programming…”
“Yeah, some type of bug…”
“Hehehe bug, hehehe.”

“Of course I know not to do that!” I almost shouted in reply. “I'm not stupid like Roll!”

Later when I had the chance, I finally pulled Roll aside to talk to her.

“Roll, you almost fell off a ledge into the animal habitats two times! You're making us look bad!”
She looked at me teary eyed.
“I just…wanted to look at the animals…”
“Roll, your supposed to be a ten year-old, but you act like a stupid baby!” I shouted. “You’re stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!”

Roll had started to cry when Ms. Buller came over to scold me.

“Rocky, you really ought to be nicer to your little sister. You're making her cry!”
“I… I was just… ugh...”

Ms. Buller took Roll by the hand and walked with her.
“Come on Roll, the class is going to the snow cone stand. You can eat snow cones too, can’t you?”
Roll cheered up immediately .
As they continued to walk Ms. Buller looked back at me. 
“You come too Rocky!”
“Ugh!”

I was still thinking about the day before when my alarm system started to go off. 

“It’s already 7am? I didn't sleep at all!”





SCENE: ROCKY GETS READY FOR SCHOOL
Chapter 2

1

Today is a big day for me.
Today is the last rehearsal before our big play. My school is doing a big production this year of the play Hamlet. The play will have both actors and music. I’ll be one of the guitarists in the band. It will be my first time attending. This is a big deal for me.

As I got up out of bed Rush followed me and was clearly excited, licking my hand as I walked. “Rush I can't play right now, I have to get ready for school. Silly boy.”

I walked to the bathroom mirror, brushed my teeth, and combed my hair. I grabbed the nearby can of hair gel, and after putting some on my hands, ran my fingers through my hair. I always like to spike it up. I think it looks cool.
I went and got my shorts, tie, and black shirt out of my dresser and started putting them on. We have to wear a tie. It’s part of our school's uniform. Most boys at my school dont like having to wear one, but I don't mind it. It makes me feel dignified. 

Wrapping the tie around my neck I took a good look at myself. My short, spiky black hair, my green eyes, my tanned arms and legs. I have only been online for three years, but my body was modeled to look like that of a ten year-old boy’s. For the first time in my life, I feel like I really am 10 years-old. Like I belong in this body. 

Before this school year I was always behind other ten year-olds academically. It took me a while to learn how to do all the other things most kids learn how to do growing up. Since last year even though my body hasn't changed, I am mentally a totally different person! Now, I can read books about history and science. Write essays and work algebra problems. I can even play most of my guitar chords now!
I looked back in the mirror to see if my tie was on properly.
“...”
I always felt weird looking so much older than all the other kids in the classes with me. People would make comments about that. People would say a lot of things about me actually. Like tell me that I look unreal. I could never understand what they meant, but now I think I know… My skin is a little different from most peoples’. I don't have any scars or dimples. I don't really have any pores when you look close into my face. I don't need them. My body doesn't sweat. I'm thankful I don't. Did you know that sweat and pee are essentially the same fluids? Yuck.

I don't mind being a robot. Honest. Dr. Light created me just the way he wanted. He says all the time that me and Roll are his greatest creations, at least when he’s at around... 

I think the only thing I don't like about it is being different…I like being a robot. I just don't like feeling different from other kids. Or the things people say sometimes. 

I’m really not so different from everybody else. I was just made in a different way.

3

While I was still packing my backpack when I heard a knock at my bedroom door.

[KNOCK KNOCK]

“Rocky, are you ready? It’s almost time to leave for school.”

A tall, dark-haired woman with large framed glasses and bright red lipstick opened the door to my room.

“Oh, I’m coming Ms. Ava! I’m almost ready!”

Ava Lovelace. The person selected by Dr. Light to be me and Roll’s guardian. She told me before that she used to be a research assistant to Dr. Light, but now she’s basically like our nanny. Ava drives us to school and makes sure we have all the things we need. She is the only other person who lives in this house besides me, Roll, and our dog Rush.

Ava walked into my room with Roll right behind her.

“Rocky we need to leave!! Let's go!!!”
I shook my head.“Roll, don't you see I’m getting ready? Ugh, don't tell me what to do! I’m YOUR big brother remember?!”
Roll gave a sly smile. “Oh, is that so?.. Well, Ava told me that I was in development first and that means I’m YOUR big Sister, Rocky.”
“-!” I looked at Ava in disbelief. “W-Why did you tell her that???”
“I’m sorry, Rocky.” Ava said with her hand to her mouth. “I didn't know I wasn't supposed to tell Roll. Is it a problem?”
“Yes it is! Now I’ll never hear the end of it!”
“Oh…”
I looked back at my sister pointing my finger aggressively.
“Listen Roll, you may have been in development before me, but I’m still smarter than you cause I've been online longer. Only reason you know anything is cause you have MY memories….Hey, are you listening?!”

“Oh, you like being pet on the belly don't you? Who’s a good boy? who’s a goood boy?…”

Roll was ignoring me completely and scratching Rush on the belly as he wagged his tail violently.
Ava looked at Roll, “Roll do you have everything you need for school today?”
Roll looked up and placed her finger to her mouth, thinking. “Oh, I forgot to pack a lunch! Guess I don't need one anyway!”

Robots like me and Roll don't need to eat. We were built with the capacity to taste and digest food, but we don't actually need food for energy. The Buster Systems Dr. Light put inside of us provide a nearly infinite energy supply. I usually decide not to take a lunch to school. Even though it gives me something to do during lunch hour, I’d rather not deal with what always happens after you eat… Roll is different. She takes a lunch every single day. I think she just enjoys eating for the sake of eating.

“Oh, don't worry Roll! I already packed you something!” Ava said as she handed Roll her plastic blue and yellow Chun-Li themed lunch box.

“Really!?!? Let me see!” Roll opened the box and started to dig. “Pb&J, Sweet roll, carrots, juice. Uggh... carrots! Could I get another sweet roll instead?”

Ava smiled.“Listen Roll, just because you and Rocky are robots that’s no excuse to not eat healthy! You should be sure to eat your fruits and vegetables as well!”

“You're right Ava!” Roll giggled in response. “I'll be sure to eat those too. You'll be a good mommy one day, Ava!”
Ava blushed and put her hands to her face. She looked away from us for a moment, but quickly regained her composure.

“Look Roll, Rocky, I am just Dr. Light's lab assistant… I could hardly be considered you and Rocky’s mother, I mean unless Dr. Light and I ever started dating and he wanted to… No! That's totally inappropriate! I’m just an assistant! You and Rocky should just think of me as one of Dr. Light’s fellow scientists, or coworkers, or a nanny, or maybe a dear Aunt. Not that I mind the idea of being your mother. And I mean, I really wouldn’t mind if you called me that sometimes… But! What if Dr. Light hears you call me that?! I wonder what he would think?! I wonder if he would start to…”

“Okay I’m ready,” I said. “Roll we’re gonna be late! Let’s ride on Rush’s back so we can get there faster.” I said as our robotic dog started to covert into his flying form.

“It’s YOUR fault we’re going to be late, Rocky!” Roll shouted as she grabbed onto my shoulders and climbed along with me onto Rush’s back.
“Wait, Wait” Ava yelled, waving and pulling her keys out of her purse. “I’ll take you two!”

4

“Have a good day at school!”
“Bye Ms. Ava”
“Yeah, bye.”

“Wait, let me grab my guitar!” I walked around to the trunk of Ava’s car to pull it out. 
Sheesh I’m glad I didn’t forget.

My first class of the day was algebra, but honestly, I couldn't focus on anything except for my music pieces. I’m going to be playing in front of everybody! Even though the focus should really be on the play, I know that a lot of people who come are going to keep a close eye on me. Cause I always attract so much attention. Cause I’m a robot.

When I walked into the classroom I pulled out my sheet music and stared at it as all the other kids talked and toyed with their devices, waiting for the teacher to arrive.


SCENE: MATH CLASS
5

In front the the class an older balding man with a blue shirt and loose fitting red tie scribbled the words ATTENTION ATTENTION NEXT TUESDAY… in chalk on the large green board. By the time he turned towards the class his forehead shined with a light sweat.

“Alright class, now I need you to pay special attention. Next Tuesday is test and if you fail test you fail class.”
That’s our algebra teacher Dr. Lo
“Understand?”
He’s a very strict man with a PhD in mathematics and a thick Chinese accent. 
A lot of kids in our school don't like him cause he’s always so serious, but I don't know.. I like Dr. Lo. 

“Uh, Dr. Lo, what should I bring to the test?”
“A pencil, your brain, what do you think?”

Dr. Lo is a big fan of Dr. Light, and he is always happy to teach me something I don't know.

“Most teachers say there are no stupid questions. I am not one of those teachers…”

Dr. Lo picked back up his chalk.
“All right class, today we are going to learn the facts… We’re learning  factorials, in fact.

“““....”””
There was dead silence in the classroom.
“Fine. Don't laugh. I don't care.”
He continued his lesson.
“Here is how you write factorials: 5!”
“You put an exclamation mark after the number. You know why? Yes, Sebastian?”
“Cause it's exciting?” 
The rest of the class started laughing.
“Oh, so you people do have a sense of humor. No, that’s not why anyone else? Yes Samantha?”
“It tells you to multiply by all the numbers before it: 5 times 4 times 3, times 2…”
“That’s very right Samantha, wow you really know this stuff. Maybe you should be the one teaching. Should I give you my PhD perhaps?....”

That was Samantha Lenor. All the boys in our class talk about her all the time. She has bright blue eyes, and she always wears these large pink bows in her hair. Samantha’s not just popular, but smart too!

“Okay class we know the factorial 5. But What about 0! ?

As class continued I started to daydream. 

You know, Samantha really is pretty... I wonder if I like Samantha? What did Heero say about what happens when you like somebody?? You think about them a lot… Hmmm... I wonder if I think about Samantha sometimes. I wonder if I think about her a lot though? How much is a lot? Hmmmm…. Could this be it? Could this be my first crush?

I’m honestly not sure if robots can have crushes.
I wonder what Samantha would think if I asked her out on a date? Can humans and robots date? Is that legal?

“Rocky!,” Dr. Lo loudly called my name.
“Uh yes sir!?”
“I see you enjoying yourself there just sitting down, not taking notes like good student. You mind telling class what is factorial of 0?” 
“Umm…. Zero?...”
“Oh, of course it’s zero, hehe, what silly ques- NO. It’s 1! If you were paying attention you would know this. In fact, it’s still on the board!”

I heard my classmates talk among themselves. 

“Wow, did a robot really just get a math problem wrong?”
“Maybe Dr. Light really isn't as great as they say…”
“Maybe he’s just trying to make us think he’s dumb so that we’ll be totally unprepared for the robot take-over…”

“That’s enough class.” Dr. Lo interrupted them. “No disrespecting your fellow classmates. Everybody needs to work hard and pay attention in class if they want to succeed.”
No disrespecting your classmates, huh? You started it...

The alarm for the next period rang.

“Okay class over, be sure to study for the test next Tuesday.”

As everyone started exiting the classroom, I stayed in my seat with my head down. I tried to look like I was busy writing in my notebook. I didn't want to get up until everyone else left. I couldn’t believe the things everyone just said about me. I take back what I said before. I don't like Dr. Lo at all!

While I was still sitting with my head down drawing, I felt a hand grab my shoulder and looked up. It was Samantha. She smiled at me and gave a big thumbs up.
“Don't worry about what those guys say, Rocky. You can do this! You just got to work harder!”
…Samantha’s trying to cheer me up…. I wish I could just disappear right now…

SCENE: LUNCH, BULLIES, AND ROCKY LEARNS ABOUT REI
6

“It was then when I was sure that I would die, but then I did the side B + A combo, and guess what? ...It actually worked and I won! My opponent totally misunderstood the concept of hit-boxes. He thought I didn't have an opening.”

My friend Quatre told me all about his latest victory in an online Street Fighter tournament as we walked to the school cafeteria 

“Hah, and they said Guile wasn't viable in tournament play.. Hehe. That was until I proved them all wrong!”

I heard footsteps.
“Wait up Rocky!”
And looked behind me.
“Oh, it's you guys….”

The three sleazy stooges of our school: Rylie, Ken, and Trowa. Nobody likes them. They remind me of the characters from that old cartoon Ed, Edd, and Eddy. All these guys ever do is cause trouble. I’d think they were funny if they weren't so annoying…

“So, uh, hey, did you hear Roll say anything about me recently?”
“No Rylie. Not Recently. Not ever.”
Unfortunately, these guys are obsessed with my sister Roll.
“Did you hear her say anything about me?”
“No Ken.”
“What about me?”
“No Trowa, Roll doesn't talk about you guys. She doesn't even know you guys exist.”

“””W-What really!?!?!?”””

After Quatre came back from the cafeteria line with his tray, we walked to our usual table.

I brought my guitar and started to practice in preparation for the rehearsal later tonight. 

“Okay A chord, one, and a two, and a... B7 chord... one, and a two, and a…”

“Don't over do it Rocky!” Quatre told me. His mouth full of food. “Remember what happened last time you practiced too much before a rehearsal right? Your hands cramped up and you couldn’t play right for a week!”
“Ha, that was then and this is now Heero! I mentioned to Dr. Light about what happened, and he personally upgraded my hands so that I could play the guitar more efficiently without worrying about finger strain.”
Quatre took a long gulp then crushed the small, now empty, orange juice box in his hand. “Really?... I don’t know Rocky... isn't that... like cheating?”
“I mean… maybe…” 

“Hey Rocky, sorry to interrupt, but do you know what Roll’s favorite color is?”
“And her favorite flower?”
“Does she like flowers?”

Rylie, Ken and Trowa were sitting right across from me and Quatre.
“Can’t you guys go sit somewhere else?”
Rylie replied: “We always sit here…”
“No you guys don't,” Heero interjected.
“Could you ask Roll if she would go on a date with me?” Ken begged.
“Ask her yourself.”
“I can't do that,” he replied.
“Why?”

“We could never just ask Roll,” Rylie stated. “Being near Roll is like staring into the sun, it’s big and bright and beautiful and you can't help but stare directly at it, but when you do, you find that it's so bright that it damages your eyes and you become temporarily blinded.”

Trowa and Ken nodded in agreement.

“And then your mom yells at you and says: ‘Rylie I told you not to stare at the sun. Now lay down and keep your eyes shut while I call the eye doctor.””

“...” That was oddly specific.

“Hey Rocky! Hey Quatre!”
“Oh, hey Hiro…”
“Have you guys heard about Rei?”
“Oh, Rei! ….How is she?”

That’s one of Quatre’s friends, Hiro. He’s talking about our friend Rei.

Rei was the first friend I ever made. In fact, I became friends with Rei when I was still in my development phase! Unfortunately, I don't remember the day we met or most of the times we spent playing together, but from what Rei has told me we had a lot of fun. Rei’s mother, Dr. Kaneda, was one of the lead engineers on Dr. Light’s project… Me.

“H-How’s she doing?”
Last time I saw Rei she was not in such good shape. First it started when she began to have a hard time walking. Then one, as if out of nowhere, she was completely unable to walk and in a lot of pain.  The doctor’s ran some tests on her and found out she had a tumor.
When doctor’s ran tests on her they found out it was a tumor that was causing her problems and that she had leukemia.

I remember Rei told me before that she considers me her best friend because I stayed by her side while her parents were out of the country.

It always makes me feel so sad when Rei says things like that to me because I don't remember any of it, or anything that happened when I was in my development phase. 

“She’s not doing good, Rocky…”
“Did she finish her surgery?”
“She did… Look, my big sis Bonne spoke with Rei on the phone yesterday. She says she wants to tell you herself about it.”
“I’ll go see Rei right after school.”
Then Quatre reminded me. “Don't you have band practice tonight, Rocky?”
“Eh…. You're right, I forgot.”
“That’s fine, can you go visit her in the hospital tomorrow?” Hiro asked me.
“Yeah… I’m sure I’ll have time! Go ahead and let her know!”


SCENE: BAND LAST REHEARSAL
7

“All right, 6pm.” It was time for band practice.
I walked through the doors into the music room carrying my guitar case, which is almost as tall as me, by my side.”

“Okay class I do hope you tuned your guitars before coming in.”
“!!!... I didn't”
“And why is that Donny?”
“I mean don't we tune our guitars at the beginning if class anyway?
“No. No No... Ugh, What am I going to do about you guys? You really don't understand anything yet, do you?...”

That is our band teacher. Ms. Hodan. Ms. Hodan is great. She knows a ton about music. 
“What is the point of having an instrument at all if it is not always in tune? As a musician you must constantly be at the ready…”
Though she can be a little opinionated at times. She also has a tendency to go off on tangents.

“Listen class, we live in rapidly evolving times. Robots can cook, clean, build, defend the law, and even fight in wars! If all you students want to guarantee a career and a place for yourself in the not-so-distant future, you must capitalize on the only capacity we humans have that robots have not been able to replicate: creativity!”

After she said this, all heads in the classroom immediately turned to me.
“Don't worry Rocky, I’m not talking about you.”
“Then who are you talking about?”
She continued.
“Human creativity is not a product of some unfeeling algorithm! It is an expression of the human soul… It is non-rational, chaotic, divine, ....”

“--------”

Sometime later we actually got some practice in, but not before hearing another quick lecture from Ms. Hodan.

“You know,  my father scolded me for going to college for an arts degree… ‘You’ll never be able to pay off those loans teaching,’ he told me…. Well Daddy, if you could only see me now… Teaching our society’s children, teaching the next generation, the beauty of music! Oh, look at the time!!! Anyway class, be sure to practice your pieces at home! This was our last rehearsal; next week is the big play!”

SCENE: ROCKY TAKES RUSH FOR A “WALK”
8

By the time I got home it was already past seven. I was about to knock on the door when Roll came bursting through it
“Rocky! Rocky! Which outfit is better: the red or the yellow? Red or yellow?....” She said holding her two dresses up by clothes hangers.
“How should I know Roll? I don't care what you wear.”

“Arf! Arf!”
Rush ran through the house towards me.
“Rush! Who’s a good boy?!?!”
As I began to pet Rush he jumped on me, to start licking my face, and knocked me down to the ground
“Ahh, Rush don’t jump on me. You're too big!!”
“Rocky, I really need you to help me. I can't decide!” Roll exclaimed.

Ava walked outside to the porch and joined us.“Rocky, you should be more willing to help your sister.” She placed her hand on Roll’s shoulder. “Tomorrow is a big day for her. She has to present herself to Dr. Light’s colleagues at the conference. The first female android speaks… It will be a historic moment…”

“Oh, I forgot!”

Tomorrow was a big day. 
Tomorrow was the press conference to officially present Roll to the world. Dr. Light’s second ever humanoid robot, and the first robot who is a girl. Dr. Leight’s colleagues would be there, and so would be news reporters. It really was a big deal…

“Well, If you're not gonna help me I guess I’ll just ask Ava again.” She turned towards Ava and held up her dresses. “Which one should I wear?!”
“Roll, I think you should pick whichever outfit you like better yourself,” Ava stated calmly.
“Well if you HAD to pick one which would it be?” Roll asked.
“Well, I guess if I had to pick… I’m slightly partial to the yellow…”
“But I like the red better,” Roll said bluntly.
“I thought you said yellow was your favorite earlier!” Ava replied.

Getting up off the ground and petting rush on the head I asked Ava.
“Ava is it alright if I take Rush for a walk??”
Ava looked at her watch.

“Flying across town on Rush’s back can hardly be considered a walk… Let’s see, it’s already 7:22… Fine. As long as you can get home before 8!”
“Great!!!”
“I hopped on top of Rush’s back as he slowly retracted his arms and legs back into his body making way for booster rockets in their place. I wrapped my arms around Rush’s neck. “Let’s go boy!!!”
“Arf!”

Rush’s visor went over his eyes and we quickly ascended into the sky.
Ava called out to us. “Be careful you two!”
Roll cried “I wanna ride Rush too!!!”
Ava looked at Roll. “Maybe later Roll, we need to finish preparing for tomorrow. And We need to start by deciding on an outfit!!!”

9

Riding over the city on Rush’s back… At first, it was scary, but now it’s one of my all time favorite things to do. There's nothing that calms me down more than riding over the city on Rush.

“Hey Rush, let’s go fly over Dr. Light’s laboratory. Maybe we’ll see somebody we know!”
“Woof, woof!”

Looking down at the city seemed so unreal sometimes. When you look down from high enough everythings looks like a drawing. When you're down on the ground you can't see it.. but when you're up above you can see how everythings is organized. The streets and buildings all form neat little shapes The entire city looks like a series of boxes… One next to another. 
You can see the cars, and even some of the people, moving around down below. They all look like little bugs. No features separate one from the other… All of them moving around. But who knows why?

“Hey there's Dr. Light’s building!!! Huh? Rush I don't see anybody… Hey everyone!!!!” I called out down below, but to no avail. I didn't get any response.
“I guess nobody sees we’re here, Rush. Well, let’s go ahead and start making our way back home before Ava calls us.”

As we started making our way back I could hear a loud voice coming from a microphone from Dr. Light's lab.
“Have a good night Rocky! You and Rush be sure to get home soon. It's getting late and we have a big day coming up tomorrow!”
“Ugh, maybe I shouldn't have called out to Dr. Light’s lab after all, should I have, boy?”

“Arf.” Rush sorrowfully growled.

10

	Eventually after landing on our front porch I checked my messages. 
“Hey it looks like we got home before Ava called us.”
“Woof!” Rush joyfully responded.
“Oh, but I do have one unread message…. It’s from Rei!!!!!”

			Look forward to seeing you tomorrow Rocky

“Oh, no I forgot!”
I told Hiro that I’d see Rei tomorrow! When’s the conference? Will I have time?

	That night before I went to bed I talked about everything with Ava who looked exhausted from preparing Roll. Jeez, it sure doesn't take much to make humans tired does it?
She told me I would have time to see Rei before the conference, but that I needed to be back home by 4 o’clock sharp. It really didn't leave me much time to speak with Rei but at least I could keep my promise. If I rode Rush on the way back I’d be able to spend as much time as possible with Rei. I went ahead and messaged her back.

Looking forward to it too… see u tomorrow

I’m so dumb. I haven’t spoken to Rei in months and all I send her is: “see u tomorrow?”
She was even the first to message me. I’m a terrible friend… 
“....”
If I’m completely honest with myself… Like 100%, completely, and totally honest…. 
I feel really uncomfortable anytime I talk to Rei… I really don't like that I feel this way. Rei is my friend. I guess it’s just that I feel this type of pressure whenever I’m around her. Like something is expected of me, and I’m not sure what it is. 

Laying on my bed, Rush jumped up next to me. I pulled out my device and put on some music. These past few nights I went to sleep listening to all the music my band has to perform for the play. I doubt we’ll sound this good when the time comes, but I like to think it helps to listen…

I closed my eyes and started to drift to sleep…

“Rocky! Rocky!”

Roll jumped into my bed right on top of me.
SCENE: ROLL’S FIRST NIGHTMARE
“Huh?!”
I checked the time it was 2 am.

“Roll, what are you doing?? It’s 2 am! Tomorrow’s your conference. You need rest! Tell me your dream later!”
“Rocky I…”

Roll’s face was buried in my chest and from the sounds she was making. I could tell she was crying.

“Rocky, why did he? … Why were they so mean to you?”
I pulled Roll off me and stared at her. “What happened?”
“Dr. Light - He said, he...he was gonna shut me down if I made him look bad. Cause I-I forgot I-…”
Roll struggled to speak as tears poured from her eyes.
“Look Roll get a hold of yourself!” There was a brief silence. Did you have another dream?…What happened?..."

Roll sat back up on the bed. Her hands slowly slid off me and onto Rush who moved to lay down next to her. She started to tell me her dream.

“I was you, Rocky… I had to go to a big conference just like the one I have tomorrow, and I had to talk to everybody, but… I was so scared. I s-started to stutter and couldn't say anything right. People said I had a ‘bug’ in my programming and that I was defective. And then Dr. Light yelled at me… He sniff…. He said he wish he never made me and that he was going to shut me down.”
Roll burst back into tears.
“H-Hold on Roll! I don't remember any of that ever happening…. And I’m right here, aren't I?
She started to calm down after I said this.
I put my arms around Roll. “I'm right here Roll. Dr. Light would never shut us down for something like that. If there was a bug in our programming he just would fix it right away…I think you just had a nightmare!”
“A nightmare?”
“Yeah, it’s something that happens to humans a lot… It especially happens when people are nervous or scared or they have a big event coming up… Like you do tomorrow!”
“So these aren't your memories?? That never happened to you??”
I thought for a moment. 
“Hmmm…. I actually don't remember any conferences that happened for me… I guess they must have happened in my development phase… Well,... I mean I’m still here aren't I? I think it's just your imagination, Roll. You're just nervous!”
Roll cheered up for a moment before she looked down again and asked me.
“Do you ever have nightmares, Rocky?”
“...I never remember having any dreams like you do, Roll… I’m not sure if  I can have dreams at night or not… Maybe the ability to have dreams is something Dr. Light only added to your code.”
Roll immediately cheered up and her face lit up with a bright smile.
“Oh, so I guess there are things I can do that you can't!!!”
“Hey! I can do plenty of things you can't do!”
“Like what?”
“Like play guitar and do algebra problems! Why would I wanna have stupid dreams anyway?”
“Only reason I can't fly Rush is cause you never let me!” Roll pouted.
“Well aren't you feeling better now!” I said. “You must not be sad anymore if you wanna stay here and argue with me! Why don't you go to bed?”
Roll get timid again.“I’m… I’m scared to go back to sleep…”
I sighed, understanding how she felt, but really wanting to go back to bed myself.
“Roll you’ll have to go back to sleep eventually…
“...Fine!” She got up. “I'm going back to bed but I’m taking Rush with me…”
“Fine, just go Roll! It’s already past 3am!”
Roll called Rush to follow her as she slowly made her way out of my bedroom. “Rush, come on boy, come on!” She dragged her blanket across the floor with one hand as she shut the door behind her with the other.
“….”
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// Should I take this out?/////////////////////////////////
A few moments after Roll left I began to settle back into bed. 
I couldn’t stop thinking about the conversation we just had. 
What happened in my development phase? 
Was that really one of my memories? What did actually happen to me back then?”


 
SCENE: ROCKY GOES TO SEE REI
Chapter 4 
My Two Sisters

1

After about 20 minutes of flying through the city we eventually made our way there.
“That’s the hospital, Rush.” I pointed towards the entrance of the building. “Let’s land over there!” 

“This is it… Stay out here boy boy and wait for me, ok?”
I hopped off of Rush’s back and checked my phone. Great, I still have one hour before I need to leave. I noticed Rush’s nose twitch and move as he looked around.
“Do you smell something, boy? Well, don’t go running off. Stay here and wait for me, OK?”
“Grrrrrr-mmmm” Rush gave a sad, lonely growl.
“I’ll be right back.”

Walking towards the building I started to realize just how it was. I was in the largest children’s hospital in all of the city. New Neuman's Emergency and General Hospital for children. Outside of the large white building was a statue of the hospital’s founder Dr. Neuman, who was holding a small child in a hospital gown. Reading the description at the foot of the statue I could see that the child he was holding was Dr. Neuman’s son who had died of cancer when he was quite young, and that that was the reason he founded the hospital. It made me sad to think about, but I have always admired people like Dr. Neuman. People who devote their life to helping other people who are struggling with things that they have experienced. Even though he couldn’t save his own son Dr. Neuman’s hospital now helped and treated thousands of sick children.


When I walked inside the building I saw that the inside was even more beautiful. Walking through the entrance I could see that the inside of the building was even more impressive than the outside. There was a massive toy train track that ran in circles around the entire lobby. It was inside of a glass cased diorama. Behind the glass, I could see a series of detailed toy cities and landscapes for the train to travel through. Little figurines of people and animals, firemen, police officers, even some super heroes! It was obvious to me they made the hospital, so that it would be as fun as possible for all the children who were admitted here. If I had more time I wished I would be able to walk around the building with Rei, but I knew we wouldn’t have enough time to do that. At least not today.


I walked up to the main desk and stood up on my tiptoes to make sure the woman working behind the counter could see me. Holding an old looking phone to her ear she looked at me and quietly said. “Be right with you sir.”

I waited and after a few minutes passed she put the phone down and turned to me.

“How can I help you?”
“M-My name is Rocky. I am here to see Rei.”
“Hmmm, you're here to see a Rei? Could I get a last name?”
“Her last name...It’s Kaneda.” I answered.
“Rei Kaneda.. Okay, and you are family? Her partner?”
Partner? I’m a kid.
“I am her friend… She invited me.”
“Rocky? Can I get your last name?”
“Uhh last name?” To be honest I’m not completely sure if I really do officially have a last name. 
“Light?..Light I guess.”
The woman working the desk typed at her keyboard again. 
“No. No, I don’t see a Rocky Light…I see a Rocky Kaneda. Is that you?”
Rei must have used her last name when she told them about me.
“Yeah.” I replied.
Okay, I do see an invitation… She's in room 5-104.
And where is that?....


2
[KNOCK KNOCK]
I knocked on the hospital room door that was partially open.
I heard an unfamiliar voice say: 
“Come in!”

“Rei!”

I knocked on the door that was partially open.

I walked into the small hospital room.
I looked for Rei. The first bed I saw to my left was empty.
I wonder if Rei is still in here?
In the middle of the room there was a large red curtain. I saw a hold pull it back and a nurse asked me.
“Can I help you?”
“I’m here to see Rei.”
“She’s here.” The nurse said waving for me to walk forward.
Walking further in I looked behind the curtain and saw Rei.
I walked past the curtain and looked to the bed and saw Rei, who looked at me in shock.
“Rocky!

I almost didn't recognize Rei at first. This was my first time seeing Rei without any hair. She looked completely different.

Rei quickly put one hand over her head and began to search around herself frantically. The nurse turned to me. “You are visiting?
I nodded.

Finding a beanie, Rei quickly placed the hat over her head. She addressed the nurse.
“That’s Rocky he’s- he’s my friend…”




I stood silent for a few moments while the nurse and Rei finished what they were doing.
“Temperature good, blood pressure normal. Okay, now I need to check your heart rate.” 
Placing a telescope in her ears the nurse began to move the over ended near Rei’s chest.
Placing a telescope in her ears the nurse began to move a stethoscope over Rei’s chest.
“Hey Rocky, I hope you don't mind turning around for a moment.”
“Uh, s-sure!”
I quickly turned around, facing the curtain.
“Mmmmhhhh, okay normal I think we are good Ms. Kaneda. Is there anything you’d like me to do today before I leave?”
“No, thank you Elna, I think I’m okay.”

The nurse grabbed her things and nodded at me before leaving the room.
“I-I’m glad you came today Rocky. Hehe, sorry about that.”
“N-no! It’s no problem.”
“I didn’t think you’d make it today. I know today is Roll’s big conference.”

I placed my hand on the back of my head embarrassed. “Yeah, I actually forgot about that. I looked up and smiled. “But I wasn't going to let that stop me from coming and seeing you!”

“Hehehe, well I mean it would have been all the same if you came and saw me tomorrow.”

I closed my hands into with with excitement. “When I say I’m going to do something, I do it. Even If I had to fly half across the world on Rush. I’d be sure to come see you.”

Rei looked surprised then she smiled before looking down.
“Thank you Rocky, that means…so much to me…”

“It’s nothing Rei, after all, what are friends for? You were the first friend I ever made, Rei, I think I owe you at least much!”
Rei bit her lip. She looked down with a sad expression, that made me wonder  if I said something wrong.

“No, Rocky, you don't owe me… anything… In fact, I owe you..”
“-? What do you-”
Rei interrupted me.”Look Rocky… There’s something important I’ve wanted to tell you…”

I paused and swallowed the lump in my throat. Worried what Rei might say.

“I’m having an operation soon…”
“Another operation?”
“...Yes, Rocky…this one is a big deal… They’re… I’m not sure how it will go…”
“...Rei.”

I didn't know what to say.
“You’ll be okay right?”
She turned away from me.
Rei didn’t answer me.
“----”

We sat together in silence for some time. I stared at Rei who pulled her legs up to her chest and stared outside the window.
We sat together in silence for some time. I stared at Rei who pulled her knees up to her chest and quietly stared out the window. The bright sunny sky was at complete odds to the feeling in the room. It almost frustrated me how the sun could shine so brightly when we both felt so sad.

////////
It added to the sense of guilt that I felt. I waited so long to come see Rei and now…

“Look Rocky, there is something I’ve wanted to tell you… I- I'm sorry…”

“You’re sorry? look Rei, if anything I should be sorry. You've been here and I hardly-”
“No, Rocky!” She yelled. “I’m sorry!”

She continued. “I’m sorry for the way I treated you. For the things I said. For blaming you for things that weren't your fault.” She started to cry. “I’m sorry Rocky for telling you we weren't friends.. Rocky, you're the dearest friend I've ever had. You're like a brother to me…”
“Rei..”

I felt so confused. What is she even talking about? Did she ever say those things to me?

“Rei…if that ever happened, it’s all in the past. I don't even remember any of that anyway, so you don't have to feel sorry-”
//////////
“No, I am sorry Rocky. I’m sorry because I know I hurt you. I Remember that look on your face when you said those things Rocky. I was your only friend in the world, you trusted me and I betrayed that trust. Rocky, I wanted to hurt you. I felt like it was revenge for how my mother left me, but that wasn't your fault Rocky. I-I… I’m sorry for hurting you rocky…
I was so unsure of what to do. I couldn't say anything that would make her feel better could I? I just didn't get it. Even if Rei did say those things to me… I couldn't remember any of it… I felt as though the apology wasn't for me.
I put my hand on Rei’s shoulder. It’s all I could think of doing.
IShe looked up at me as she wiped the tears from her eye’s. You don't remember a thing do you Rocky? …Sometimes when I speak to you… I could swear you are a completely different person…

////////////////
…

Eventually I left the hospital. Rei was actually the one who reminded me it was time to leave. 2:30pm. Only thirty minutes before I had to be at the auditorium with Roll and Dr. Light. Walking out of the building I continued to admire everything I saw. It really was such a beautiful place. So many rooms with toys and games. Pictures on the wall painting done by the children who have lived here, but still it wasn't enough to distract me from what happened. I was so worried about Rei. I gave her my word that I would be back tomorrow. And that would spend as much time together as possible before her operation. I asked her if she would tell me all about our time together when I was in my pre-development phase. Maybe if she started to tell me I might start to remember!


I had just walked past the statue out front when I noticed I didn't see Rush anywhere.
Rush, Rush where are you boy. On no don't tell me Rush ran off! What was I thinking! Oh I should have left Rush out here al alone I should have brought him with me. Maybe I could have told the nursing staff he was my dog assistant! Oh no then the thought occurred to me what if Rush was Dog-napped? Hmmm I wonder if anyone could actually catch Rush I mean he can fly…
Arf Arf
Then out of nowhere Rush came back
Rush boy! Where did you go? What is wrong with- GAH look at the time we need to head there right now. I grabbed hold of Rush’s neck and got on his back come on boy let’s head t the auditorium. And as fast as possible! Rush immediately ascended into the sky and I I found myself my self almost falling off. GAH Rush not that fast!


SCENE: ROLL’S DEBUT
Part 1: Rocky Ch 2: Roll’s conference

Oh, I'm gonna be so late.

Finally me and Rush got to the conference.
Oh jeez everybodys already here!
We landed down.
Well look who finally arrived Dr light said. Off on some sort of adventure Rocky? Its only 10 minutes before the conference, we can't have you being late.
But you just got here too, me and Ava have been waiting on you both. Roll interrupted.
Dr. Light sighed. “That’s besides the point Roll.”
Sorry Dr. Light I meant to get here earlier, I left Rush in front of the hospital and for some reason he disappeared when  got out? 
At the hospital Rocky huh what were we doing there? Were you injured? If that was the case you should come to they lab, human doctors want have any idea how to treat you. I’d think you’d do that.
Oh, no I was visiting Rei.
The mussukatta child huh? Light seemed upset when I said this. I wondered if I said something wrong.
What do you think of my dress Dr. Light? Roll span in place. The tips of her skirt spinning with her raising up past her knee.
Dr. Light got tho his knees you look very nice, Roll. Ava, you did a wonderful job getting Roll ready for today’s event.
Ava blushed Oh thank you light for saying Lord knows I tried my best.
Out of the corner of my eye something caught my attention. Looking at a tree nearby I could see a young boy, about my age, peeking out from behind it staring directly at us. I looked away for a moment feeling awkward.
So Roll are you ready to be up on that stage you know there are are lot of people here today looking forward to seeing you.
Good that means Ill be able to show everybody my new dress.
Not intimidated at all I see?... My my what an extroverted child you are Rocky, you could learn a thing or two from your younger sister.
Looking back at the tree I could see that the boy was still there staring at us. 
I couldn't tell if they were a boy or girl. They were wearing a winter hat, sunglasses and a heavy coat that looked a few sizes too big for them.
Why are they staring at us? 
Rocky are you listening to me? What are you looking at?
Over there Doctor… There’s somebody watching us from behind that tree over there do you see them.
Noticing I was pointing at them the person behind the tree moved and started to quickly runaway.
No I don't see…. Let me look.
Maybe its one of those boys who like Roll so much… Heavens knows how much they come over to or house just standing outside hoping to see Roll.
Trow knows where we live now?! WHo told them.
Dr. Light, Ms. Ava, Roll it’s time.
Well come on everyone its time we get going lets head outside.
Rocky come on!
Okay Rush you stay here and wait for me.
Grrmmm Rush whimpered as his ears dropped down.

….

Welcome everyone and thank for coming to this once in a lifetime historic event the world's first female android







My name is Simrit and I’ll be your host. Thank you for coming so before we get started I have a question for you Roll how are you feeling being up on this stage with all these people?
FAN-TASTIC.
The crowd started to cheer and clap
Well wee GL-AD to have you Simrit cheerfully responded.
While the crowd continued to clap and laugh Roll to the opportunity to walk up to the front of the stage and wave to the crowd. Blowing kisses and giving a courtesy before taking a bow.
Wow wow wow its a  little early for that Roll don't you think? The interview just started. Dr. Light said.
You're right.
Roll immediately turned around and got back into her seat.

So Roll I've heard you got to school around here
Yes
Do you go to school with humans or other robots like yourself. 
There isn't a school for robots silly. Everyone there is human besides me and Rocky.
Ah, so you and Rocky got to the same school
Yes, Roll replied.
Do you like school Roll? Do you have many friends?
Of course I do! I have tons of friends! Theres Anne and Li, and May, and Zarah…
Do you ever feel different Roll?
What do you mean?
Well, like do you ever feel different because you're not like any of your friends?
Of course I feel different! Nobody is exactly like anybody else! Everyone is different! My friend Zarh likes horses, but I like elephants. My friend Anne likes to paint but Li likes to sing! Nobody is the same.
Ha ha ha good answer Simrikt replied.

Well were running out of time. I hope you don't mind if I ask you a serious question before we go. A lot of people Roll are scared of robots Roll they are afraid robots can do things better than humans and that someday there wont be a place for humans in this world. What do you say to all those people who think that robots and humans can never get along.

Well we certainly aren’t shying away from the difficult questions today are we? Dr. Light said, adjusting his tie and collar. I could tell he felt a little nervous.

I felt nervous too. I don't know what I would say if I was asked that. I wanted to help Roll but I’m not even sure I could. As I saw her begin to open her mouth I just thought to myself.
Please dont say something stupid. Please dont say something stupid. Please.

Roll got up out of her chair and walked back up to the front of the stage. Taking in a deep breathe Roll raised her hands and stared right into the crowd.

// What will she say? Even I’m not sure! Come on Roll dont choke under pressure! 

// You know when I first woke up… I was scared too. I know what it's like. It's a terrible feeling. Nobody likes to be scared. I was scared of a lot of things! I was scared of the dark. I was scared of going outside the lab for the first time. I was scared of my first day of school. I was scared to meet new people. I was afraid to say ‘hi’ to new people. I thought that they might not like me, but each time I faced my fear I found out the thing that I was afraid of really wasn't so scary at all.

There wasn't any monster in the dark waiting to get me. And even the the world is a big palace full of things I didn't understand, most of it really isn't scary at all when you understand it. All all the people at my school I well after I made my friends and talked to them I found out they were just like me. They were afraid that they were different too and that because they were different people wouldn't like them. But know that were friends I think it's those things that make us different that are the best things about us. And on top of it all I always had my brother Rocky to look up to, even if he can be annoying sometimes, I knew if he was a robot but he could learn how to make friends and do things like a human then I could do it too. He helped me see that humans and robots really aren't so different after all. I think theres a place in this world for humans and robots. If you're scared of something you just got to get to know it then they won't be so scary at all.

The crowd got up and cheered. Roll gladly began to courtesy and wave to the crowd as she did before.
“Bravo, Roll Bravo.” The interview said.
Dr. Light began to too clap and leaned towards me, “Did Ava prepare a script for Roll that I wasn't told about who wrote that?”
I was in shock to hear Roll say something that sounded so profound. Jeez why’d she have to go and say she looks up to me in front of everybody. And right after calling me annoying ON LIVE TV no less, Ugh I’m so embarrassed. I don't know if I should be happy or angry right now.

I could hear voices from the crowd beginning to praise Roll.
“She-She’s so precious.”
“That mankind could make something so adorable…”
“Truly, we are living in a new era.”
“Thank your Roll you have opened my eyes Robots and humans really can coexist can’t they. Gosh I was so blind before but now I see.”

….


Later at the party after the conference.
…
( I have this feeling something bad will happen if I put the ellipse in the wrong place.)

SCENE: PARTY AFTER CONFERENCE, A WORKER WAS KILLED

Later that night I attended. More like was forced to attend the after party for Roll’s conference.
Not a really exciting party at least for me anyway. Just standing by Dr. Light and Roll while people came up and completed Roll for the interview and Dr. Light for what a genius he is.
I was at least thankful that no one really came up and tried to talk to me.

I checked my internal clock.
6:45pm? I haven't even been here two hours yet uh at it already feels like I’ve been here all day. Looking over at the snack table I called Roll. Hey Roll lets go check out the sweet stand. 
“Mmmm Sorry Rocky. I can’t go right now there’s a lot of important people who need to speak to me right now. But you can go off and play if you want please keep yourself busy. Go on.”
Well aren't we important all of the sudden.
I don't normally have much of a sweet-tooth, but I guess I’ll at least try some of these desserts. I mean what is there else to do?
Though I’d never admit it to anyone I actually really like sweets but I was pretty go about not eating them though. I wanted to make sure I stayed in good shape.

“I guess it wouldn't hurt to try a few…” 

Lets see what the have: Sponge Cake, cheesecake, creme brulee, some chocolate pudding in bowls I've never seen those before. Chocolate covered fruit Hey I bet that at least pretty healthy. Hey, That’s when I noticed. There were these white chocolate pastries they had. Of all desserts white chocolate was by far my favorite. It's hard to explain why I like it so much. I think at least part of the reason I like it is because so rare. You hardly ever see it. I guess most people prefer other flavors but I don't know I like it.

I grabbed some from the table. 

“Mmmm how many should I take? Three? Four? Five? No that’s just greedy…”
Grabbing for of the little cakes I walked off and sat a a little table all by myself.
“Hhhhmmm I wonder if it would be okay if I grabbed a few more….”

These were probably… No… These were… The best white chocolates I've ever had. They were chewy but not too chocolatey. They also didn't have cookies or carmel or anything else mixed in them. It was just pure solid 100% organic white chocolate. “I wonder if there’s any store that sells these. I should follow The servebots around one day when they go shopping.”

Picking the chocolates of off the top of each cake I know had a plate with they pastries by themselves. I guess I should eat those too Yuck they were way too sweet. People actually like stuff like this. Its cake but its sweet as candy! Thats just to sweet for me!

Getting up from the table I went up to where the sweets were and grabbed some more of the pastries getting back to my table I saw Roll was there with a plate full of chocolate covered fruit.
“Hey Rocky, I thought you didn't like sweets.” 
“I don't Roll but jeez what else am I supposed to do while I'm here. All there is to do is eat.”
“How come you got another plate of cakes when you didn't even finish the plate you already have?”
“Cause the cake part is too sweet, Roll. I only like the chocolate piece on top.”
“You shouldn't grab more food before you’ve finished your plate Rocky.”  

I looked behind me and saw Ava who was standing up while eating her own plates of sweets. “Grabbing more food before you finish what you have is wasteful,” Ava said.

“Yeah Rocky, you're being wasteful.” Roll agreed. “You should listen to Ava. Wow, Ava you're so good for telling us what we should do at the table. You really will make a good mommy one day.”
“N-n-now l-look… Roll I told you before… I’m not you and Rocky’s mother. Not that I really mind you calling me that it's just if Dr. Light heard that it might make him start to think… Did he hear that?! Where is he!?” Ava began to frantically turn her head around looking through the crowd for Dr. Light. “Oh, there he is.”

I noticed him too. Dr. Light wasn't too far away from our table. He stood by a nearby table with a drink in his hand, talking to some colleagues of his that I could only guess were fellow scientists. He seemed to be in good spirits when a man came up and called out to him.

“Dr. Light! Dr. Light!”

“What is it now? Is this matter so important that you feel the need to interrupt our conversation? This had better be….”
The man came up and whispered into Dr. Light’s ear. I couldn't hear what he was saying. Dr. Light suddenly had a grave look on his face “A-are you sure?” The man nodded.
Dr. Light turning to the people he was talking to before noded. If you’ll excuse me.
He then turned the bodyguard as they walked out of the room.

“I wonder what that was about?” Ava said. 

[BEEP BEEP]

Ava pulled out her phone. “Oh, I have a notification I wonder who- Oh my...”
Me and Roll stared silently as Ava placed her hand over her mouth with a horrified look on her face.
“What is it?”
I looked around and noticed how all the faces in the room suddenly turned towards us.
Roll looking uncomfortable asked Ava “Ava, did something happen?”

Ava nodded. “There was an accident at the Rock manufacturing’s mines. The-they’re saying… That a robot killed a human employee….”





 
SCENE: TRIP TO MINING FACILITY. MEET GUTSMAN & CUTMAN 

Chapter 4 
Other Robots

1

	//I wanna go!
I know Light is visiting the mines. But why would Rocky and Roll go? Publicity? Maybe They just accompany Light and Ava.
// Light wants to balance the positive publicity of Roll with the negative publicity from the incident.
Alright Rocky Roll we need after breakfast we need you guys to get ready soon.


“Oh, is that it?!”
Pearing from outside the window of Dr. Light’s private jet 
Dr. Light and Ava were talking amongst themselves.
Yes Roll but please don't interrupt us. me and Dr. Light are discussing important things…
Oh, sorry.
We could finally see the beginnings of Rock Manufacturing’s mines. 
Woah!
They really looked huge. Each of the mines looked like a gigantic hole in the ground. Each of them surrounded by pathway carved into the earth that made the craters look like they were surrounded by a series of circles.

Walking around and inside of each one of them I could see Dr. Light’s robots working. Digging, moving materials, and refining materials that were being excavated.
I saw some new robots that caught my eye.

“What are those?”
The robots I saw were huge. Each one of them was as big as a building. Their lower half was like a tank with treads but their upper body had a more human torso. Arms legs and a head.
“Those are the GUTS units Rocky, Roll,” EDDY answered.  
“GUTS huh what does that stand for?”
(ancronym)
Giant Ultra Tank Servbot
“So they're robots? Like us?”
“Well, were all robots Roll but you and Rocky are very different from the GUTS UNITs. Mining robots don't have any personal memory or personality of their own. They're basically tools. Gigantic servbots. They are Dr. Light’s latest model of mining robots.”
 
Roll peeking my shoulder joined in the conversation?

“What are those things on their arms?”

Those are pressure jacks; they allow GUTS arms to function like jackhammers just watch.
Looking down I saw one of the GUTS units place their fist against the ground. The hammer on the back on their arm went up and down in one quick motion. There was silence at first.
….
Eventually we flew past many of the mines and landed on top of a building that was nearby.
Alright everybody let's get out.
This must be the headquarters. Once we all got out some people with microphones and cameras approached us.
“Excuse me Dr. Light, is it true that your company took steps to cover up this death?” 
“Dr. Light, is it true that a robot had intentionally killed one of your human employees?”
“How did you people get here?” Dr. Light yelled. “I’ll have you know that this is private property. I could have you people arrested for setting foot on here.”
Just at that moment. Several guardbots approached the news people and started to push them towards an exit. 
That was when a Large blue cylinder shaped robot approached us. 
“I am very sorry about that Dr. Light. We have had people visiting us all day. They must have slipped in somehow.”
“Hardman, I would expect you to do a better job of preventing entry of such uninvited strangers. Gah, how did they get out here anyway?”
“…”
We continued to walk into the building . Me and Roll were taking in the environment admiring and watching all the machines and robots working, asking EDDY several questions along the way. 
“What's that big green thing?” Roll asked.
Looking down from the metal bridge we were walking across, I could see a large vat of some green glowing material. We could see several robots working together to refine material from rocks and earth to add it to the vat.
“What is all that?”
“That is a very sensitive compound. What they are refining is actually the material that you and Roll’s buster systems are made out of. It's a very difficult and time consuming process. Creating the material in the lab is much too costly, so that the material has to be picked out from the deep layers of the earth.”
“C o o l,” Roll said.
( Roll means to say goodbye to Gutsman, but is inside of the building during an explosion.)
(BELOW IS RETCONNED)
So this is it?
Yes, Hardman said to Dr. Light. 
System play the hologram in front of us we saw the event.
A man was directing some robot workers when all of the sudden a another woker bot came in and began to shake violelently destroyinga ll the materials and robots around it. The mining bot ran up to the man who tried to get away.
But.. it was to late.
My god…. Ava turned around and looked away.
Dr. Light looked shock.
Roll turned to Dr. Light. Dr. Light xan we watch something else this show scares me…
This was a recording right. Is that what happened. That robot… it really did try to kill that man didnt it?
////////////////////////////////////////////
Retcon
I want rocky and roll to meet gutsman before any of this in fact I think I might just leave this seen out. I’ll say that the camers were destroyed. Protoman had done so.
(BELOW IS REWRITE)
“So this is where it all took place,” Dr. Light asked Hardman.
“Yes.”
“And you mean to tell me every single one of the cameras was of at this point?” Dr. Light asked. 
“Yes, and during the incident several robots were destroyed we don't have any robots visual recordings of substantial value.”
“Blast it… And how many robots were destroyed in total?” 
“We know of at least 40 so far.”
Dr. Light gritted his teeth and clenched his fist. 
“Hardman do you know for a fact that the Needlemen were fighting each other?”
“I can't say beyond a shadow of a doubt but it does certainly look that way.”
“But.. Why?....”
Dr. Light turning around and looking around the room pointed towards a large empty area that looked like it was used as a place to park a large vehicle like a plane or something like that.

“Was GUTSMAN here during the incident?” Dr. Light asked.
(GUTSMAN GIVES Roll a large gem, CUTSMAN comes up and cuts out a piece for Roll.)
“Well yes, GUTSMAN was here but was offline during the incident there was no way he could have stored any footage of the event.”
“Where is GUTSMAN now?”

2

Oh, its much too hot out here! If I knew we were going to be walking across a dessert in the heat! Well... I definitely wouldn't have worn high heels that’s for sure!
Were. Almost there Ava. If you’d like you can stay behind in the building.

We found ourselves outside walking to Mining site 2-4 B. Apparently that's where this robot GUTSMAN that Dr. Light wanted to talk to was working right now. It was super hot outside and the air was super dusty probably from all the digging that was going on nearby. We all pulled our shirts over our mouths to help keep dirt from going down our throats. Despite this I actually really liked walking around getting a close up look at all the mining sites nearby. 

“Hey Eddy, does this piece of rock have that green buster stuff inside of it?”
“Possibly…”

“Hardman, where are all the transport vehicles?”
“I'm sorry Dr. Light. Unfortunately they are all loaned out to the police and workers who have been here today so that they can explore the site and look for evidence.”

“Going through my business with a fine tooth comb aren't they… Well I could only expect as much. They people in the government would like nothing better than to find some reason to shut our production down, I’m sure....”
Hardman replied to Dr. Light. “If you would like sir, I could call Gutsman to return to base.”
“No Hardman, please don't do that. That’ll take much too long, on top of that I want to keep interruption of today's excavation to a minimum.” 

Ava began to cough.
Ava stay behind if you need to. I need to see Gutsman as soon as possible.
I felt the earth shake beneath me.
“What was that?”
Dr. Light turned towards everyone.
“Everybody get down to the ground.”

As soon as we did I heard a loud low sound that popped my ear drums.
I looked up wondering if something was headed our way then the earth beneath us began to shake violently.

“Rocky save me!” Roll cried out. “Rush! Rush where are you?!
“It’s alright everybody don't panic!” Dr. Light yelled as loudly as he could.
After a few seconds the shaking stopped and everything returned to normal.
“What was that?”
“No need for alarm everyone. That's merely the shake from the mining activity of GUtsman. It must be in the middle of digging some material.”
You mean that earthquake was caused by a robot?
That's the power of Gutsman. I must say I've never experienced the shock from one of his burrows before I’m awfully impressed. Dr. Light said with a smile on his face.
I guess he must be proud of his work.
Hardman deliver  a message to GUTSMAN tell him to temporarily pause the excavation and to exit the gulf and meet us by the bay.
“Yes Dr. Light.”

We finally got to the excavation site.
I could feel the ground shake as we approached the mining site.
Ava called out to Dr. Light. I thought you asked the units to stop burrowing.
I did Dr. Light said. That tremor you feel is merely Gutsman moving about. It is exiting the gulf as we speak.

“Hey Rocky, what's that?”

Right as they were speaking I could see a large red and yellow object start to rise out of the mining site. After a few seconds I could see its eyes. “Oh that's a robot? That's its head!”

Then I saw it… GUTSMAN. I thought the other GUTS units were large and intimidating. GUTSman put them all to shame. He was the same design as the other gutsunits but several times bigger. A robot a big as a building! I could hardly believe my eyes!

Eventuals GUTS man crawled out of the gulf and we took an escalate up to a nearby dock attached to the side of a nearby mountain. Standing from the side of the dock we, at several stories high, were at eye level with gutsman. Dr. Light stood up to the end of the gate and called out.
“GUTSMAN. It is I, Dr. Light.”
“D-Doctor.”
Yes Gutsman, your creator.”
The robot poke with a metallic voice so full of status and bass it was difficult to make out what it was saying. Everytime it spoke my whole body shook.

GUTSMAN I need you to open up your interface for me. I need to look at your data. 
Yes Dr. Light of course…
(GUTSman sounds like soundwave)
 
“…”
Are you sure you've run through his entire memory bank EDDY?
-
Have you run a complete diagnostic check?
No, I haven't Dr. Light. Doing that would take a considerable amount of time.
Well did you find any reason to suppose tampering on the superficial level?
No Dr. Light I’m not noticing any indications of strange behavior.
Hmmm well that's interesting. Go ahead and reset his banks to get rid of any tampering that could have occurred during that time period.
I'm sorry I can't Dr. Light.
And why is that EDDY?
I am unable to reset GUTSMAN’s banks.
WHat type of error are you getting?
I’m not getting one sir it's just not doing as it should.
Hmmm…. Well that is concerning… Dr. Light turned to Hardman go ahead and call excavation off for today. Call all units back to their respective bases. The best course of action at this point is to run diagnostics on all robots individually and hopefully find the root of the issue.
Yes Dr. Light.

“You're H U G E…”
Roll being her usual unintimated self went up to the bay and called out
GUTSMAN operations are off for today after go ahead and stay here for sometime, me and EDDY are going to run some diagnostics on you.
The last thing we need is for GUTSMAN to act up if there was any sort of tampering.
Ava turned to Dr. Light Is that what you think this is? That there was some tampering with the code?
“…. It's too early to say. It’s a possibility. But…”
You're H U G E
Roll being her usual unintimated self went up to the end of the bay and called out to the massive robot. Personally I would have been too scared to.
“Roll you're actually trying to talk to-”
GUTSMAN turned its massive head towards me and Roll. I could feel a gust of wind hit us as it did so. Due to the sheer size of Gutsman.
Staring directly at us I couldn't help but feel afraid while Roll seemed unfazed.

You are… Robots?”
Yes GUTSMAN were robots just like you!
“But you both look so human. Strange…”
My name is Roll, it's nice to meet you.
GUTS man took its arm and reached down to the ground below him. Picking up a large rock GUTSMAN crash it in its had picking out a small piece of it GUTSMAN reached into the bay dropping a large rock in front of Roll.
Oh, wow it's a crystal! It's so beautiful GUTSMAN Thank you. Oh, I should give you something too!
Reaching into her small toy purse, Roll began to dig. Hmmm capsule toys are too small… You dont eat? Do you?....
Here you go! Reaching out to GUTSMAN Roll held out one of her favorite dolls.
You can have my Giraffe doll Toki. Its ok… I’ll just get another one next time I go to the zoo.
GUTSMAN just stared at Roll seeming unsure what to do.
GUTSMAN come put your hand here…
Gutsman reached his hand back inside the dock 
Roll place her doll right on top of Gutsman’s finger. Here you can have this… I’ll have a gift from you and you'll have a gift from me proof of our new friendship.
Friend?
Yes Gutsman now we're friends. Gutsman placed the doll in his palm and bright it to his face where he put the doll in a container under his face. 
Placing his hand back inside of the bay gutsman began to pet roll with his finger.
Ugh thank you… Ugh Guts man your hand is so hard you're gonna get my hair all dirty yck
…

Roll tried to pick up the stone that was easily twice her size.
Ugh, its heavy! I don't know how I’ll take it home with me. 

Thats when I heard some steps by me looking to my left I saw another robot I had never seen before it had a dark orange face and a dark cloak around its body.

The robot in the cloak then stopped right in front of where me and Roll were standing and looked at GUTSMAN.
“Cutman,” Said the large robot.
Pointing at the large gem on the ground with his index finger, Cutman Shot a red hot laser at the large rock until only a small portion was left.
The robot then got down on its knees and picked up the small piece of mineral that was left on the ground before handing it to roll.
“Its… Its me.”

Dr. Light finally noticed the new robot that had arrived.
Cutman? I am surprised to see you here....
“Thank you, oh I love it so much! What's your name?”
Cutman had use its laser to carve a small figure of Roll from the large gem.
“Uh, can I see too?” I asked Roll.
The resemblance was striking! It looked just like her. I had wished CUTMAN would use the rest of the gem to make one of me too, but I didn't want to have to ask him… I guess it really pays to be more outgoing like Roll.

“My name is CUTMAN, Roll… I saw you talking to GUTSMAN… I wanted to know if I could be your friend too?”
“Of course!!! Here let me search in my purse for something to give you-.... DO you like gum?”
“What is gum?”

CUTMAN I’m surprised to see you… What are you doing here?
I was called here by hardman Dr. Light. I have been assisting in the excavation of some very difficult and tough materials.
Dr. Light looked at Hardman. You should have made me aware that cutman was here sooner Harman?
My apologies Dr. Light. It didn't occur to me to tell you.
Alright, Dr. Light said. We have possible tampering with our robots code, and GUTSMAN, and CUTSMAN all in the same place… This couldn't get much worse could it?

While Dr. Lights was running diagnostic
// Why does Roll need to run back to say by to GUTSMAN?
// Maybe CUTMAN shows them around

SCENE: FOLLOW CUTSMAN TO LOWER LEVEL. PROTOMAN BOMBS BUILDING.
3

Wow so you have more sculptures like these?
Yes Roll I do. Sometimes I take the stones I work with and cut them into shapes that interest me when I’m online and I have nothing else to do. 
Where are they? Could you show me?
“It’s not far from here. It's at the lower base. If you would like I could take you and Rocky there and I could make some more for you if you'd like. I could make a stone of Rocky as well.”
Yes!
“Oh I’d love to go,” Roll replied. “But I need to make sure it's okay with Dr. Light and Ava first. Hey Dr. Light! Can I go downstairs with CUTMAN to the lower level?”

Dr. Light annoyed turned from the screen. Only if Ava accompanies you two also I need CUTMAN to get back here as soon as I finish running diagnostics of GUTSMAN. 


“Hey, can you make a sculpture of Rush?” Roll asked Cutman.
“I’m sure I could but what is a Rush?” Cutman responded.

We finally made our way downstairs where CUTMAN had been working. Apparently CUTMAN is a very valuable robot for Rock Manufacturing. His precision beams that he used to create the sculpture of Roll are very impressive. CUTMAN told us he can use it to cut through virtually any material and cut it in microscopic levels of detail.

“Rush is our our dog. Here let me show you a picture of her.”
“Hey, Roll CUTMAN hasn't even made one of me yet. And what do you mean ‘her’? Rush is a boy!”
“I decided I want Rush to be a girl. I think it suits Rush better since she’s pretty like a girl.”
“How can rush be a girl when Rush is a boy’s name?”
“Rush is not a boy’s name. How is Rush a boy’s name? Name one boy named Rush.”
“Well… Ummm.” I was at a loss for words. I didn't know anyone named Rush. Is Rush a boy’s name?
“I know a guy at school named Rush.”
“No you don't.”
“Well… Then why don't you tell me a girl you know with the name Rush?!”
“Rush our dog.”
“Ah, so you don't know anybody!”

CUTMAN still standing with a large gem positioned on a mount ready to be sculpted looked at us. Do we need to establish if Rush is a boy or girl before I can make a sculpture?


All right you two… Ava said forcing her self to stand back up. It’s been a lot of fun but I’m calling it a day. I've been forced to march on foot through the literal desert today. I haven't eaten anything since this morning, and it’s already past 7pm! You two have school tomorrow, Ava put away her phone. I just messaged Dr. Light say goodbye to you new friend Rocky and Roll we're going home.
Honestly going home sounded good right about now. 
CUTMAN can you please show us out of this maze? 
// There needs to be an explosion so Roll gets infected.
Yes, of course.
Finally making our way out of the building we waited at the entrance.
There is NO WAY I’m walking all the way back to may car. The servbots better bring the transport vehicles and they better bring them SOON.
Ava message someone who works at the site. 5-10 minutes… That's fine but no longer. I'M STARVING!
 Oh, no Roll yelled. I never got to say goodbye to GUTSMAN! Roll grabbed onto AVA’s legs please please Ava can I say goodbye to GUTSMAN?
Roll, I really dont want to be here any longer than I have too. Why dont you just make it up to GUTSMAN next time we come here.
When are we coming here again.
...Tomorrow.
No were not! Roll called out.
Okay… Roll listen you can go say bye you need to come right back before the transport vehicles get here alright. Yes, ma’’am. Ava looked at CUTMAN.
CUTMAN would you be sure to bring Roll straight there in back we need to be leaving soon.
Yes Ms. Ava of course.

…
While we were still waiting for Roll and CUTMAN to get back the transport vehicles showed up. Oh, they're here! Took them long enough… Ava said.
Ugh, and Roll still isn't back yet. She better be on her way.
Do you want me to go back inside an-
That was when I heard an explosion sound right behind me.
My body ran in inf ront of me just on impulse.
I looked to my side and saw Ava looking towards the building in horror. My first thought was that this might be one of the needlemen working… Somehow I knew this sounded different. I was afraid to look behind me.
Roll!
There was an explosion from inside of the building. Fire and smoke were bursting through many of the windows.
I saw a robot with red and gray armor jumpout of the window, onto a hovercraft and fly away. Several other robots started running from outside the building as well. 
// Hard man is corrupted
I looked through the crowd of robots running out hoping I’d see Roll.
Oh, god of no. Ava quickly pulled out her phone. Oh, please be alright. Dr. Light? Are you alright. Ava started crying. There was an explosion inside of the building. Are you safe? You're with GUTSMAN? 
I called out to Ava as I continued to see robots pouring from the entrance.
Ava is Roll with Dr. Light? 
// Light starts shutting down the robots when he is unable to GUTSMAN and CUTMAN go rogue.
Is Roll with you? No… She went inside of the building...She wanted to say goodbye to you and GUTSMAN… Ava pulled the phone down. Rocky, do you see Roll yet she isn't with Dr. Light?
That's when I heard another crash sound from inside of the building.
Was Roll in there? Maybe she was trapped and could get out. What if Roll… No. I have to do something.
Ava I’m going in. I need to try to find Roll.
No Rocky dont I can't let you both get trapped in there. Emergency aid is on its way just wait-
I began to run through the crowd of robots towards the building when the entrance collapsed completely. No. I looked around for another way to get in.
The windows were open a story up but I couldn't think of a way to get up there. I wish Rush was here right now. 
Then I saw a bright red beam pierce through the wall of the building next to where the entrance used to be.It carved a circular shape out of the wall which then fell and shattered to the ground. Walking out of it I saw cutman carrying Roll in its arms. Roll!


SCENE: ELECMAN & DR. KANEDA WORK ON ROLL
*
I closed the 
// I basically just changed what was going to happen. I wanted to have Rocky and Roll talk about how they thought the worker robots had personalities but now were in a situation where Roll was almost killed. How about this? She makes a quick recovery. Light continues working on the robots. (They don't discover the virus for some time) Rocky and Roll talk about CUTMAN. Rocky and the play. Roll starts not feeling well. It's discovered there is a bug in the programming. Light gets publicly attacked over this. Rocky fights GUTSMAN.  Protoman starts destroying robots. They plan to shut down roll. Rocky runs away with roll.



“Are you feeling better, Roll?”
After  the incident last night we immediately went to take Roll too Elecman.  Dr. Light’s chief repair robot.  Some robots were destroyed during the explosion before the building collapsed. Thankfully Roll’s damages didn't seem that serious. But her arm did look like it was burned pretty bad. I'm sure it hurt her. Thankfully she's been unconscious since the incident. I hope she wasn't feeling any pain in whatever dreams she was having. I ended up skipping school that day. Ava took me to the lab so I could wait outside whenever Roll woke up. I hope she wakes up soon.

“Hey Rocky…”
I felt a hand on my shoulder shaking me. Something about the hand felt familiar.
“Oh, Dr. Kanede! Im sorry! Did I fall asleep?”
“Haha, it’s no worries.”
“Did you come to help repair Roll?”
“Hehe, of course I did Rocky. I couldn’t just sit at the hospital doing nothing while Roll needed help… At least I could do something for Roll.”
“Is Roll awake?” 
“Not yet. Me and Elecman are going to turn her on very soon. I thought I’d let you know so that you can be here when she wakes up.”
“Th-thanks you Dr. Kanede… That means so much to me…”

Dr. Kanede sat down next to me. “Uhh man… It’s been a long week huh Rocky?” She smiled.
“Ha, yeah a lot has happened hasn’t it?” I did my best to force a smile back at her. “ …So you were at the hospital? I’m sorry you had to leave Rei…”
“It’s okay Rocky.” Kaneda said, looking away from me. She seemed like she was trying to hide her sadness. “Rei is currently in the operating room. I can’t be with her anyway… At least here I can do something.”
“Operating room? Rei didn't tell me her operation was today.”
“She probably didn't want you to worry about her Rocky.”
I remembered what Rei told me. 
“Rei’s… She’s going to be alright… Isn’t she?”
“Of course she is Rocky…” Dr. Kanede’s hand that was still on my knee tightened. “...Of course she is…”

“She’s ready.” Walking out of the operating room I saw a robot the size of a grown man covered from head to toe in a black and yellow suit that made him look much more like an anime superhero than a maintenance robot. “Shall I wake her up now?”
“Yes, Elecman. Come on Rocky lets go…”

“All right all units go.”
“Go ahead and hit the switch.”

At the hit of the button my sister Roll began to breathe again. She was still asleep, but at that I just felt so much relief.
I know that Roll is a robot, just like me. Not breathing doesn’t harm us as long as we aren’t online, but still... Seeing her lie on that hospital bed silent, not moving a muscle… Part of me felt like she really was dead. If only for a moment…

Mmmmm, Rocky Roll groaned while moving her arms about as if to grab on to something. Her eyes were still closed. It looked as though she was having a nightmare. “Rocky where are you?”
I grabbed onto Roll’s hand. “I’m here Roll. You’re safe now.”
“Rocky?...”
Roll opened her eyes and slowly but surely made here way back into the world.
“Wha-What happened? Where’s CUTMAN?! He was- There with me…”
“He’s safe Roll dont worry. In fact he wanted me to give this to you.” 
Out of my backpack I pulled out a rock figurine of Rush that CUTMAN had made.

“CUTMAN made that for me? So he is all right.”
“Yep. He told me to give this too you when you wake up,”  I told her.

Holding the sculpture Roll looked down for a moment. “I wish Rush was here right now.”
“Ha, no you don't Roll. If Rush was here he’d probably jump all over you.
“I think you mean SHE’D start to jump on me, Rocky!”
“Haha, I guess you’re alright now if you’re up to argue with me Roll.”
“I guess your right haha-Ow.”

Roll suddenly stopped laughing and grabbed ahold of her arm like it was hurting her. It was the same arm that had been damaged during the explosion.

“Are you ok?!” I asked Roll.
“I-I don't know…”

Dr. Kaneda, who was still in the room, walked towards us. “Roll can I see your arm for a moment?” Dr. Kanede held a scanning device over Roll’s arm to take some readings. 
“…No, I don't see that there should be any problem. Repairs are complete.”

“There shouldn't be any issue, '' Elecman said. “All damaged parts were repaired and replaced. I saw to that personally.”
“Hhhmm. Kaneda held her hand to her chin. It’s probably just shock!”
Shock?
“Yes Roll, that must be it. You and Rocky have very complex ‘minds’ and you were just through such a tragic experience. It’ll probably take a couple days for you to feel back to normal again.” 
“So, I’m not really hurt?” Roll asked Dr. Kaneda.
Trust me Roll a day our to to rest and you should be feeling normal again.

“If that is indeed the case,” Elecman interjected. “I must be leaving soon, Dr. Kanede. I have much work to get to and I am currently severely behind schedule.”
“No, please Elecman get back to it. Thank you for coming on such short notice.”

With that, Elecman man turned around and starting walking out the door when Roll called out to him.
“Elecman!”
“Yes?...”
“Thank you for taking care of me…”
“…” Elecman paused before looking back towards the exit. “Don't bother to thank me. Repairing damages is simply what I am programmed to do.” Elecman said before leaving the room.


“Ha,” I laughed. “Elecman is always so serious…”
“He’s like a servebot with an attitude. Roll said, agreeing with me. “Why is he always like that anyway, you think?”
“I guess you can get tired of doing something, Even if it's what you are programmed to do!”

Roll placed her hand on her chin and paused to think before asking me:
“Hey Rocky, do you really think what EDDY said is true?”

“What did he say?”
“That the other robots like GUTSMAN and CUTMAN aren't like us? Like they don't have their own personality and feelings, and stuff?”

I had to think about it for a moment. I remember what EDDY had said, and as smart as EDDY is… I just don't think I could believe that.
“Roll, if CUTMAN doesn't have feelings I can't think of a single person who does! I mean he saved your life after all!”
“Right! And Remember how GUTSMAN even gave me that gift! I know he wanted to be my friend! He must get lonely digging in the mines all day long.”

“Well…” Dr. Kaneda interrupted us. “If you're doing better now, Roll, I should be going. I’ll call some servebots over to tend to you.”
“Haha, I think I’m doing better now,” Roll said. “Thank you Dr. Kaneda.”

“Yes, thank you and please let us know when Rei’s operation is over,” I said. 
Dr. Kaneda smiled at us before leaving the room.

I turned back to Roll, and continued the conversation we were having. “You know Roll, I think deep down all robots have personalities like us too!”
“Even servebots?”
“Maybe? Maybe next time we see one we should ask!”

“HERE YOU GO Mrs. Roll HERE IS Your Cinnabon.”

“Speak of the devil.” Just at that moment a Severbot walked in carrying a sweet roll on a tray. 

“Haha, Just call me Roll. I'm not a MRS. I'm not even married!”
Roll took the pastry off of the tray, and stuffed her face with the oversized pastry.

“Hey Roll , don't you think it's kind of wrong to be asking for food while you're here. It's not like eating sweets is going to help you recover anyway…”
“You mind your own beeswax! I have been through a lot and I want a pastry! Is that too much to ask?!” Roll shouted. “You know what Rocky? I changed my mind.”
“About what?” I asked.
“About sharing with you.”
“Ha, that's just fine! I don't like sweets anyway!”
“Sure you dont… CHOCOLATE FIEND.”
“What’d you just call me?!”

Another voice entered the conversation. “We sure do seem lively.”
“Oh, Ava, you're here?” I said looking back towards the entrance Ava just walked in through.

“Ava!”

Roll jumped out of the bed and latched herself to Ava’s legs before bawling frantically.
“Ava, there was this explosion, and, And I- There was fire and smoke and-Oh, I was so scared!”
“Oh Roll, you seemed ok just a moment ago! What brought about all this?”

Seeing Roll whimper as she buried  her face against Ava’s thigh made me think about how scary that experience must have been for Roll.
Man, I really should start being nicer to Roll… I’m a terrible big brother aren't I?

“There, there Roll. It’s all over now. Hehe, I’d pick you up, but I know you're much too heavy! Come on you two, let's head home!”



//Rocky needs to practice for the concert.
//Another explosion happens.
//Light asks Rocky about what he saw
//No that isn't a child thats a robot!
// People learn about protoman.
//Protoman goes from infecting robots to killing them.
//Rei does die
That next day rocky prepares one last time for the concert, 
Rocky meets with his friend quatre
During the play…



SCENE: QUATRE COMES OVER TO PRACTICE AT ROCKY’S.

Chapter 5 
The Next Day

1

“A#. Bb… Okay… 1,2,3,4… 1,2,3,4…”

Well Rocky, I know Dr. Light gave you super robot guitar hands for playing the guitar, but mine are starting to get cramps.” My friend Quatre who was sitting next said, while shaking and messaging his hands. Clearly tired from all the guitar practice we were doing.

“What do you say, we take a break from practice and play awesome Street Fight Alpha Turbo Remix?” 
“Ha, Quatre. How is playing video games a break for your hands? You probably strain your muscles harder playing Street Fighter than playing guitar.”
“You're not wrong, Rocky. You're not wrong, but still…. Let's take a break.”
 
“Why are you guys practicing so hard anyway?” My sister, who was siting in my room watching us practice, interrupted our conversation and asked. “Ahhhh,” Roll yawned and smacked her lips. “Watching you guys play the same slow songs over and over is making me sleepy…”

“If you’re so bored with watching us, why don't you go watch TV or something?” I said.
“I’m bored of that too…”
“Not my problem Roll!”

“You know…” Quatre said, putting down his guitar and setting it against the bed frame. “Roll has a point. I’m pretty sure you got your part down. Why are you so nervous about this anway?”
 
“I’m not nervous!” I asserted. “I just want to do a good job for the play….” I thought about what my friend said for a moment. “You know, since I’m a robot, I’m sure people are going to be paying close attention to me. I want to make sure I don't crack under pressure.”
“Oh, Rocky I’m sure it’ll be fine. People won't even be focused on you; they’ll be focused on the play,” Quatre assured me as he pulled out his phone and checked for notifications..

“Oh, this is for a play?” Roll asked me.

“Uh, you didn't know that, Roll? We’re in the band performing music for our school's performance of Hamlet.”
“Oooh, Hamlet? Can I join? I could be one of the actors.” Roll held out her purse in the palm of her hand. “To be or not to be… That is my question… Are they still having auditions?”
“No, Roll they play is tomorrow… Hence me and Quatre are practicing so we sound as good as we can tomorrow.”

“I think you guys sound great.”
“Fantastic.”
“Well, they dont sound bad…”

“Ha, thanks Trowa…. Trowa?!”
I looked to my side in horror.
Those three annoying boys from my school have officially invaded our home, and more specifically my bedroom.

“Ok guys.. I get you guys like my sister and everything, but breaking and entering is…”

“Roll let us in.”
“Yeah, she let us in.”
“Hey Rocky, where's your restroom?...”

“Roll!” I looked towards my sister. “Why’d you let these guys in?!”

“They heard about the accident and wanted to see if I was alright… Also they brought presents…”
“Anything for you Roll! Just let us know what you need and we'll be sure to go get it for you!”
“Trowa means he’ll ask our moms to go get it for you.”
“No seriously Rocky, where is your restroom? You guys have a bathroom right?”

“You know what Quatre....” I looked at my friend. “Yeah, I think I need a break too..” 
SCENE: ROCKY IS NERVOUS BEFORE THE PLAY.

Chapter 6
The Day of the play


1

“Alright I’m ready!” It was 6:30 am. Thirty minutes before I normally get up for school. I had a hard time getting to sleep last night. So I decided to go ahead and get up and get ready. 

“Should I go ahead and start practicing?” Naw, not this early. I’ll end up waking somebody up. Plus, I’m pretty sure I got my part down. I don't know why I’m so nervous about this… I think maybe Quatre’s right. I really am nervous about this. I don't know why I would be. I mean, it's not like this is the first time I’ve been in front of a crowd… Is it? 

I went ahead and sat back down on the side of the bed, Rush got up off his dog bed and layed down next to me. I started to pet him.  “Good boy.. Good boy…”

I’m sure that I’d had a conference before like Roll did. But, for the life of me, I couldn't remember it… I pulled out my phone and started scrolling through my customized feed. Huh, nothing interesting is out… I guess that makes sense. I watched all my subscriptions before I went to bed and nobody’s going to upload anything this early in the morning. 

That’s when I thought.
SCENE: ROCKY WATCHES “HIS” CONFERENCE ON THE FEED // DO I WANT THIS? 

“Hey, I’m sure there is a video on The Feed of me, back when I was in my development phase.” Now that I thought about it I realized, I never once thought to look for recordings of me back then. I’m honestly surprised I haven't. 
Pressing on the search bar on The Feed I put in the words: Rocky, robot, conference. Sure enough I found some news recordings with me on the thumbnail.
I got nervous. Part of me didn't what to click on it. Oh jeez, I wonder how I did. Did I make a fool of myself? After thinking about it for a while I went ahead and clicked on the video.

[qoute from the video]
“Yeah, that's me alright…”

It was so strange to watch. I don't remember any of this. It was me, Dr. Light, and some man interviewing us. “Sheesh….” I found myself pausing the video several times. I looked so nervous during the interview... It was hard to watch. I was stumbling over my words and having trouble speaking. I guess when I was in development I had some kind of problem with my speech program… I sure am glad they fixed it.
 
Noticing Dr. Light’s facial expressions in the background I could tell that he seemed really angry. I know Dr. Light well enough to know if he seems upset at all, he is super angry. I wonder why he was so upset. Was it at me? Was it because I kept having such a difficult time trying to speak? I felt so unsettled while watching the recording of the interview.

“Hell-H-HHell… Hello w-world!...”
I put down my phone, and walked outside.

As I walked down the sidewalk of me street I could feel an intense emotion come over me.
“That was.. Hard to watch…” I seemed so anxious, scared even, during that interview… Why was I like that?... Am I normally like that? I knew that was me but… Watching that recording, I felt like I was watching a different person. 

I wonder if it's normal to feel this way when you watch recordings of yourself. You feel like you're watching someone else. I remembered what Rei had said to me last time I saw her in the hospital. 
“Sometimes when I’m talking to you I feel like you're a completely different person.”
Just then a car pulled up and I heard a voice call out my name.
/// do I want rocky to talk to dr. Light about protoman after the play?
// Yeah, let's do that.
“Hey Rocky!”

Looking behind me I could see Ava waving for me to come back inside.
“Rocky, come on! It's time to get ready for school!”
“C-coming!”
SCENE: THE PLAY. ROCKY IS VERY NERVOUS!
----------------------------------------------------------------------
The Play
----------------------------------------------------------------------

“Do you see people coming in yet?”

“Quit peeking through the curtain, Rocky. People will get here when they get here! Now everyone,” Ms. Hodan yelled, addressing the entire ensemble. “Be a good girl, or boy-or robot-and remain seated until I call you to move to the front of the stage.”

“Yes, Ms. Hodan!” Everyone in the band quickly replied.

“She could have just said girls and boys… I'm a boy.” 

“So I definitely am a Chun-Li main, but I don't know. I think for the next tournament I might use Vega. People would be real shocked if I even made it into third rank with Vega. None of the professionals play him. What do you think Rocky? Rocky!”

“Oh, sorry Quatre, what were you saying?” I asked as I nervously tuned my guitar.
“Sheesh Rocky,” Quarte said. “Haven't you tuned that thing like 10 times already? Why are you so on edge?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I replied.
“Rocky, you've been acting all nervous since we got here, actually since this morning even,” my friend Quatre who was also behind the stage said to me.
“Since this morning?”
“Was it that recording of yourself you watched?”
“Maybe… Have you watched it yet, Quatre? What did you think about it?” 
“Ha, I haven't had time to watch Rocky. That video you sent me was like an hour long! I’m sure it isn't as bad as you say it is. Even if you were nervous on the stage, that's totally normal!”
“I guess…”

[CLAP, CLAP]
Our music teacher Ms. Buller loudly clapped her hands. “Alright everybody, the show is starting. Quickly, quickly, to the front of the stage!”

As she spoke, all the people who were acting in the play started to assume their positions on stage. Everyone in my ensemble walked towards the front of the stage and took their seats. As people started to pull their instruments from out of their cases I could hear the sound of people entering the performance hall.
“Come on Rocky!”
I gulped my own saliva nervously and followed suit.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Act I
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[To be, or not to be? That is the question..
Is it better to suffer at the hans of life’s miseries and fortunes, or to end all the troubles, and by doing so, end life completely?
To die. To sleep, perhaps to simply dream- alas, that’s the catch!
For what dreams may one hold in death?]

The curtains closed and the crowd began to clap. The first act of the play was over.
“Ha, well that went well enough. Come on Rocky, let’s go to the concession stand in the back, and grab a bite to eat.”

As me and Quatre made our way to the snack stand we talked. “Hey Rocky, didn't you say Roll and your mom were going to be here?”
“Mom? Do you mean Ava? She just watches me and Roll, Quatre. She isnt my mother.”
“Is Dr. Kaneda your mom then?”
“I mean, not really… I don't have a mom, Quatre.”
“Oh, I’m sorry for asking.”
“… Dont worry about it. It’s just part of being a robot I guess.”

I took another bite of the chocolate donut I was holding.
“Hmmm, but you’re right, Quatre, I thought they were going to be here… I guess something must have come up.” I did my best to swallow the bite in my mouth. “Hey Quatre, aren't these donuts a little stale?” 
“You know, now that you say that…” Quatre curiously inside the lid of the donut box. “They sure are. Ha, and no wonder too! These donuts were on sale! Past expiration!”
“Jupiter Middle school really knows how to go all out for their students, don't they?” I said.
“Ha!” I laughed again before taking another bite.

“All right everybody act two beginning in 10 minutes.” I heard a voice announce over the school speaker. Please all actors and band members performing in the play… Return to your station ASAP.”
“Oh, guess it’s time to go!”
SCENE: DR> LIGHT AND AVA COME TO THE PLAY TO PICK UP ROCKY.
2

I took my seat as all the people in the crowd began to go back to their seats. While I was pulling out my guitar and taking out my sheet music, I noticed a lot of people in the crowd starting to pull out their personal devices and look at me. I tried to just shake it off at first…But I couldn’t help but feel like everybody in the audience was staring at me. 
“…Man… I really am becoming paranoid aren't I?” Oh, well even if that’s true I expected as much. I am a robot after all.

While I was still trying to ignore the people in the crowd and settle in, I saw a man in the crowd pointing at me. Well that's rude... Does he really feel the need to point? Then I saw another person point at me. “What?” I looked behind me up on the stage. Is there something behind me I can’t see?

Feeling increasingly nervous, I thought I’d speak to Quatre who was sitting next to me.

“Hey-”
“Hey Rocky look, Roll and Ava finally made it!”

Looking to where Quatre was pointing I could see that Roll and Ava were standing behind the seats, close to the exit. “Oh, and Dr. Light came too!” I was surprised that he came.

I waved towards them hoping they would see me. Nobody waved back. “Do they not recognize-” Paying closer attention I could tell none of them were in a good mood. Dr. Light in particular seemed upset.
“?...”

I wondered if something happened. Then I noticed the stage curtains open up and the actors walking back on stage. The wind section began playing. The next act was starting.

One of the actors, Billy, that I knew personally walked up and gave the introduction to the next part of the play.
[Monologue for the play]
// Is Hamlet the best piece? I do like to be or not to be…

“Alright…” My section started. As my hands gripped the neck of my guitar I found I was about to play the wrong chord only at the last moment.
“Ugh.” What is wrong with me today?

While we continued to play I kept having the feeling that my fingers were about to slip. I kept looking away from my sheet music towards my hands to make sure I had a firm grip. 

[more dialogue or monologue]

Then finally after several minutes of worrying that I’d make a mistake, I finally did. My finger slipped off of a string, and I accidentally played the wrong note. I started to worry if I caught anybody’s attention. Surely enough when I looked at the crowd, I saw that there were still people looking in my direction, Talking amongst themselves. I looked over to where I had seen Ava, Roll, and Dr. Light earlier. They were still standing by the exit unseated. 

“Something really bad happened, didn't it?”

My heart started racing. Just then Quatre bumped his shoulder against me, to bring me back to the moment.

He had a concerned look on his face. I nodded my head to communicate that I was OK, and did my best to focus back on playing.

3

As soon as the act was over and the curtains closed Ms. Hodan approached me. “Rocky you parents -er- creators are here. They need to see you. You're dismissed for the day.”

“Dismissed? But the play isn't over.” 
“I was told you need to leave, Rocky. I’m sure it must be important. Go ahead and leave your things there, Rocky. We’ll take care of it.”
“Yes, Ms. Hodan..”
I looked at my friend Quatre knowing he heard everything. He immediately gave me a thumbs up. “It's ok man,” He called out. “Go see what's going on.”
 I forced a smile and made my way towards where everyone was.

As I walked towards Dr. Light, Ava, and Roll none of their stern expressions gave way even for a moment. “Rocky-” Roll started. 
Before I had the chance to say anything myself, Dr. Light called out to me. “Come, we need to leave.”
“What happened?” I asked.
Ava and Roll’s grave expressions turned into sad ones. “Here isn't the place,” Dr. Light said. “We'll talk about it when we get back into the car.”
“Yes sir…”

Making our way outside, Roll tightly grabbed a hold of my hand. 
“Hey Rocky, you were great out there…”
“Thanks…”


 
SCENE: ROCKY IS BLAMED FOR EXPLOSION BY POLICE. DR. LIGHT: “IT”S THE PROTOTYPE.”
Chapter 7
Rocky is Accused.

1
“What do you mean they think it was me?! I could never…”
I could hardly believe it
“There was another incident at one of Rock Manufacturing sites, Rocky.” Dr. Light told me. “There was another explosion, and several people died. The investigators think it was you who caused this.”

“Me? How would it be me? I would never try to hurt any-”
“I know it wasn't you, Rocky” Dr. Light replied. “But for the sake of proving your case we are going to need to run some diagnostics on you at the lab. Investigate your memory banks and make sure you don't contain the virus.”
“The virus?”

2

We finally made our way to the laboratory at the Rock Manufacturing facility. Elecman, Hardman, and some of Dr. Light's engineers and colleagues were already there.

“Good to see you Doctor.” A man with a thick black mustache and wearing a large dark green coat and fedora approached us. He pulled out his wallet and flashed his badge in front of us. He was a police officer of some sort. // THIS SHOULD BE CPT. COMMANDO
‘Glad to be here, Detective Vess,” Dr. Light said.
The detective placed his hand to his chest and did a slight bow towards Ava. “Ma’am..” 
Noticing me standing next to Ava he began to stare at me intensely. 

So this is the robot-boy, Rocky, eh?” He looked back at Dr. Light. “I’m surprised you would bring him in online without being detained.” 

“That isn't necessary I assure you. Rocky has now way of harming anyone”. Dr. Light told the detective.

“Then explain the footage.”

“I will….” Dr. Light called out for Dr. Kaneda who was already in the room. Kaneda, attach Rocky to the diagnostic monitors, and up on the screen go ahead and play this alleged footage of Rocky exiting the burning building.”

“Come on Rocky.” I followed Dr. Kaneda over to a table where she and Elecman proceeded to attach me to various machines.
Up on the large monitors, the police detectives that were in the room proceeded to play some footage up on a monitor. In it, I saw several robots being destroyed. “My god…’” Robots were running and panicking as several explosions were taking place inside a room. 
“Roll close your eyes,” I heard Ava say to Roll. Roll turned around and hid her face against Ava.

“Where did this footage take place?” Dr. Kaneda asked.
“This is footage from the main robot manufacturing facility. This all took place earlier this morning. Ten human employees are confirmed to have died in the explosion, and not a single robot found seemed to be functional…” Detective Vess said. 

As we continued watching the footage I saw that several robots begin to attack each other, ripping each other apart during the explosion, and destroying everything around them. Some robots even began to attack themselves. I saw one rip their own arm off. I felt nauseous in my stomach. 

“Ugh, I think I'm going to be sick…”

That was when I saw another robot I had never seen before appear in the footage. “Pause the footage, and zoom in.” Detective Vess yelled to the officers handling the footage.
“What is that?”
“That’s the robot we’re identifying as the culprit behind this incident.”

The image was blurry, but the robot in question looked to be wearing red and gray armor. A visor covering most of it’s face. It’s mouth was exposed showing what looked to be human skin.

“How do you even know that it is a robot? That looks to be a human wearing armor, perhaps a radical member of some anti-robots/human-rights group?”
“We know for a fact that’s a robot Dr. Kaneda. No human could breathe normally in those conditions, as this suspect appears to be doing.” 
“…”
“We ran some numbers on this robot and it was also revealed that it stands roughly 4’10’’ tall. No human child could have the type of strength and agility this robot displays.”

“Well and looking at it I can see it has some parts that indeed look human-like, but that doesn't prove it's Rocky! Perhaps it is a robot constructed by a rival company of Dr. Light’s. Lord knows Rock Manufacturing has made enough enemies and competitors over the years.”

“That’s highly unlikely, Kaneda,” Dr. Light interjected.
“What do you mean?” Dr. Kaneda asked.
“That particle beam that the robot shot through their arm… That was Buster energy it used.”
“!!!”
Ava spoke up. “Maybe someone was able to replicate the technology! Rocky has been with us the whole time. I'd know if he went anywhere.”

“Then explain why it was Rocky’s access code that was used to get into the building!” Detective Vess asked the room.
“…” 
“What? My access code?” How did this robot, which the more I looked at…did it look similar to me.. How did it have access to my information? 

“This happened this morning, right? Rocky was at school! He couldn't have ran off and done all this! “
Dr. Light turned to Elecman who was standing right next to me still connecting me to the machines. “Can you display Rocky’s memories? Have you accessed them yet?” 
“Of course Dr. light.” 

Up on the screen the monitor started to show my visuals from this morning. I was walking between classes. Talking to Quatre. 
“Hey, do you think Emily likes me, Rocky?”
 “I’m not sure…”
“Well, do you ever see her staring at me?”
I'd usually be totally shocked and upset by the total lack of privacy my personal memories were being given, but at this point I just wanted them to prove I was innocent.

“So the recordings show Rocky was at school during the time of the incident, but how do we know these recordings are legitimate and not just fabrications?” Detective Vess asked.

“There is no way for these memory files to be altered, I assure you. They are directly saved onto a hard disk inside of Rocky’s storage which is completely immutable.” Dr. Light said.

“I was there at school today with Rocky, too.” Roll spoke up, “I’m sure all our friends and everybody at school would tell you the same thing Rocky was there all day, and he would never do anything like this!”

“Then tell me, Dr. Light, what other explanation is there for all this? Your buster technology was used by this robot, they obtained entry into the facility using Rocky’s access codes…”

It was just then that Dr. Light received a call on his personal device. “One moment everyone… AcidMan, did you find it?….”

Dr. Light loosened his collar and took a nervous deep breath. “Very well, Thank you. I’ll share this information. Let me know if you learn anything else…”

Dr. Light addressed the room. “That was my chief of waste and repairs, ACIDMAN,... I have something to tell everyone that may help explain this incident.”

SCENE: DR. LIGHT: “PROTOTYPE CAN LAST A MONTH AT MOST.”
3

“Well let’s hear it.” Detective Vess said to Dr. Light.
“Before the Rocky here was in completion, there was a prototype model.” 
““What?!””
Dr. Light continued. “That model was already completed and functional enough to handle the Buster system before this Rocky was complete. I was forced to shut him offline permanently due to a number of bugs in his programming that were placed in him by the late Dr. Willy.”
“...”
“According to acidman the remains of the prototype are nowhere to be found. I think it’s very possible that some malicious character has both gotten a hold of this Rocky unit and equipped it with some trivial amount of Buster energy. Enough to bring it back online and force it to do their dirty work.”

“Would this prototype have access to Rocky’s data?” Detective Vess asked Dr. Light.

“Yes… The programming of the prototype model and Rocky are essentially identical.” 

Dr. Kaneda started. “But why would the prototype attack other robots? And Rock manufacturing? Do you believe the prototype was hacked?”

“That’s certainly possible, I have discovered that many of my robots from the mining incident were infected with a virus that caused their malfunctioning. I have already found the solution for it.” 
“So Dr. Light,” Detective Vess asked.  “You understand this situation better than anybody… What do you recommend we do?”

“The smartest course of action, at this point, is to recall as many units as possible to our facilities where their software can be treated for corruption.”
“And what about the prototype?”

“… He’s certainly a threat we must guard ourselves against, but in all honestly, due to the cost that Buster cannon must strain it’s system…I can’t see that robot being able to carry out its functions for more than a week or two at most…”




SCENE: ROCKY REFLECTS ON THE ABOVE.

3

On the way home I was still struggling to take it all in.

Hey Rocky, whats up?
Hope your doing better
How'd it go? 
ONE MISSED CALL

Quatre had messaged my phone several times, but I couldn't bring myself to answer him. I didn't even know what to say. Roll and Ava were completely silent on the drive home.

I looked out the window of the car door and out at the sky. The sun was starting to set.
“…”
A prototype…

A robot that looked just like me was going around destroying robots and everything Dr. Light worked so hard to build.
…People were dying…

I hit my knees in anger. Tears began to seep from my eyes.
I couldn't help but feel guilty.
I wish I could do something about all of this…



“Hey!” Ava looked into the rearview mirror at me. “You were really great out there at the play, Rocky. You did a great job.”
“Yeah you were  a m a z i n g!” Roll agreed.
“...Thanks…”
SCENE: NEXT MORNING: “PROTOMAN” ON THE NEWS. LEAVE TO DR. LIGHT’S HOME.
4


The next morning I woke up early, and sat outside with Rush. I sat on the porch just petting him on the head. 
“Good boy…”

I resisted the urge to grab my phone. As much as I wanted to check my subscriptions and do literally anything to take my mind off of everything, I was afraid to look at my phone.
I felt sure I’d see something about the attacks. People saying something bad about Dr. Light, and blaming him.
I was even scared more by the idea of someone blaming me.
Saying something bad about me.
Maybe people on the news would blame me for everything like the police detectives did.

I walked back inside to see Ava already up. The coffee machine was on and I could hear the sound of water dripping. Ava was sitting in the living room glued to the TV screen.

“And this morning we finally have insight into the individual who has been behind the attacks that have left 15 human fatalities and hundreds of robots destroyed.”

Sure enough, the robot attacks were all over the news.

“PROTOMAN is what people are calling the prototype android that appears to have been stolen from Rock manufacturing.”

“A robot that was built as the model unit for Dr. Light’s famous androids: Rocky and Roll. The robot has been hacked seemingly by an anti-robot human-rights extremist group.
The last image seen shows this PROTOMAN wearing a red and gray suit of armor. The unit stands approximately 4 11’’ tall and is believed to have a physical appearance identical to that of Dr. Light’s Rocky android.”
“...”
“The robot is considered armed and dangerous. If any information is discovered about this android please report it to the local authorities.”

Ava dropped down on the couch and pulled out her phone. “Dr. Light, did you see the?...”
Standing at a distance watching Ava I listened to her conversation with Dr. Light. I could hear the doctor's voice coming from the otherside of the call, but I couldn't make out what he was saying.

“Yes… Yes, I can.”

“Ahhhh…” Roll let out a large yawn as she walked into the room still rubbing her eyes.
“Good morning everybody!”

Ava, pulled down her phone. “Rocky, Roll… I need you all to pack your things. We’re going to be staying at Dr. Light’s house for a while…”


 
SCENE: MOVE TO DR. LIGHT’S HOUSE.
Chapter 7  
Rocky, Rush, & Roll vs. Gutsman & Cutman


	When we finally got to Dr. Light's home we hopped out of the car and began to hand our bags to the servebots that were outside to meet us.

“Here you go! Hey, where are they going with our bags?” Roll asked.

“I’m sure the servbots already know where we’ll be staying. So we’ll just follow them after we’re done unloading our things.” Ava replied.

I noticed how unsettled Rush was. “I haven’t been able to take on a walk yet boy, huh? I guess you're feeling bored?”

I called out to Ava who was still uploading her bags from the car and handing them to the servebots. “Hey Ava can me and Rush go on a walk?”

“…” Ava paused. “I don’t think that's a good idea right now Rocky… If somebody sees you they might mistake you for the Prototype.”
“….!”

“I think its for the best that we all just stay here until Dr. Light takes care of this situation.”
“You think he’ll catch the prototype?” I asked Ava.
“Oh I’m sure he’ll figure out a way. Your creator is the most brilliant man on earth!”

2

Following the servbots we finally made our way to our rooms.
The rooms were completely empty other than our bags of things on the floor. Not even a bed! 
“Awwww! Ava, how come Rocky gets a bigger room than I do?”
“Roll, your rooms are about the same size. Just be happy you and Rocky don’t have to share a room! I’m honestly surprised how many spare rooms Dr. Light has. I didn’t think I’d get to have a room all to myself, Not that I was looking forward to sharing a bedroom with Dr Light or anything and Im terribly disappointed, but anyway…. My point is that you should be thankful, Roll! Gratitude is a virtue.”

“Hehehe, I guess you’re right, Ava. Thank you.
“Where is Dr. Light anyway?” I asked Ava.
“Oh, that’s right! We should go meet him. I’m sure he’s in his private lab right now. We should go and tell him we’re here.”

SCENE: TALK. HARDMAN AND MEGAMAN (X) ARE DESTROYED.
3

“Dr. Light!” Walking into Dr. Light’s main lab I saw him talking with three other robots: Elecman, Hardman, and a third robot I’d never seen before.

For some reason I couldn’t explain there was an eerie presence in the room.

“Ava, glad you made it here. Listen, it is important that you all stay here in the lab for some indefinite time. At least until things blow over. If you Rocky or Roll need anything please ask the servebots.”
“Has anything else happened this morning?”

CONTRADICTION: IS THE VIRUS TREATABLE OR NOT?
Dr. Light replied. “That was what I was about to discuss with the robots. Listen everyone. I have been able to develop a way to treat the virus, but it is clear to me that that won’t be enough. This Protoman, as people have have come to call him, has been causing these explosions with the deliberate intention to spread nanobots which contain the virus that makes robots act out violently. We have methods to identify the virus, but not to correct it as of yet. 
“Dr. Light,” Elecman interrupted. “What about robots that have been shipped out from these facilities where the explosions has occured? Isn’t it possible that the robots contain the virus and could cause it to spread? Should we perhaps do a recall?”
“A total recall would possibly end our company… I have to think of this economically as well.” Dr. Light turned towards Eddy who was floating by Dr. Light’s side as usual. “Eddy, ask that manufacturing be placed on halt and further products not be shipped out.”
“Yes Dr. Light.”
“ACIDMAN I will have you completely dissolve any and all material that could have been infected. Start by destroying all robots that were present in the buildings where the explosions occurred.” 

“Well, sssurely I can…” ACIDMAN let out with a slivery voice that made him sound like a snake. “But would that not include your dear Roll android? If I’m correct ssshe was pressent during the explosssion asss well.”

“M-melt me?” Roll said afraid. 

“Hey listen-” I began to speak when Dr. Light raised his hand towards me.
“That won't be necessary, Acidman. I had Elecman look at Roll already. She is free from the virus, isn't she?”
“She is,” Elecman replied.
“I’ll keep watch over her ACIDMAN, but still be sure to destroy the robots who worked in the facilities.”
“Of coursse Dr. Light,” ACIDMAN said with a frightening grin exposing his his mouth full of sharp pointed silver fangs. “It certainly benefitss, to be one of your creator’ss favoritesss….”

Dr. Light turned to Hardman. “Now for the elephant in the room, HARDMAN, have you been able to shut off GUTMAN and CUTMAN?” 

“No, I haven’t Dr. Light that has been the issue. And without shutting them offline I have not been able to determine whether or not they contain the virus. I have done my best to secure them, but, as I’m sure you know, if either of them is infected and begins to act out violently…”

“I have prepared for that situation, Hardman.” 
Just then Dr. Light snapped his fingers. And panel underneath the floor opened, and from it a large platform began to raise. Sitting on top of it stood a large canon type device. 

“This is the Buster Sentinel, a drone robot I have constructed. With this weapon if any of the robots were to become infected we would be able to destroy them.

“So, what is the plan Dr. Light?” Hardman asked. “Will I be taking this weapon with me to guard against the Gutsunit? 
“I don’t think that would be a good idea. I want to keep the Buster Sentinel safe, and only bring it out in case we absolutely need to use it. If the prototype were to get its hands on it well…”

“Dr. Light, the best way to minimize the damage would be for me to take this device with me,” Hardman strongly insisted. “In case GUTSMAN or CUTSMAN are infected and become unrestrained… I would ask that I take this with me.”
Dr. Light started to reply “No Hardman that isn't-”

Then it it happened. 

It happened so quickly I could only afterwards understand what I saw.

Dr. Light’s weapon the Buster Sentinel was destroyed. Hardman had retracted his hand into his arm creating a cannon like the on I saw on the Prototype. He shot his laser right at the Buster Sentinel leaving it in nothing but charred pieces. Immediately afterwards Hardman aimed his laser at Dr. Light, but was then shot himself by Elecman, whose arm was now leaking smoke from the laser that had just been shot from it.

Hardmans large bulky body now layed on the floor, without its head.

Dr. Light turned towards Elecman in shock. “E-Elecman…”
Elecman nodded slightly, returning his hand back from his from the cannon attached to his arm.

Eddy left Dr. Light’s side and began to scan HARDMAN’s body. 
“He was infected with the virus, Dr. Light.”

ACIDMAN linked his lips with his long green robotic tongue. “Guess we can’t be too sure who is friend or foe with this virus around…”

SCENE: NEXT DAY. PEOPLE INCREASINGLY AFRAID.
4


The next day I spent the whole morning with Ava and Roll in the living room. We were all glued to the feed.  
//// I’m not linking this …. Oh well its one seen I can always rewrite it.
I’m not even sure if I want to reveal Protoman so early in the story. Oh well I can rewrite it.

“This morning breaking news from Rock Manufacturing. Orders for robots and robotic parts have been recalled. Investigators worry that in connection to the explosions and incidents at Rock Manufacturing’s facilities there may be a virus causing the robots to act abnormally.

Many people and companies that utilize robot services have reported incidents of their robots acting abnormally. The most common complaint being that they are unable to shut their robots down. As of yet Dr. Light has released no public statement concerning these matters.”

Roll peeked her head from underneath the covers. “Is it over?” 
“Arf!” Rush was underneath the mountain of pillows and blankets with her.
“Yes Roll,” Ava said “Sorry. I know you probably heard enough about this stuff haven't you? Here let me place it back on Doraemon.” 
“Doraemon is a little kids show,” Roll poutlily replied.
“Oh, but Roll, I thought Doraemon was your favorite show!”
“That was a month ago! I’m over that. Now I like scary movies like Resident Evil.” 
“Resident Evil? I don’t know if you should be watching that... That’s an awfully violent movie.”
“Oh come on! It doesn’t scare me. I’m a big girl now. I’m basically ten!”

[BEEP BEEP]

Ava received a notification on her phone.
“Oh everybody, Dr. Light needs to see us.” Roll placed her head back under the covers. “Can I stay here?” 
“Haha,” Ava laughed. “You should come too. I’m sure it will be fine, that scary ACIDMAN won’t be there.”
“Promise?”
“I promise.”
SCENE: GUTSMAN IS INFECTED. ROCKY WILL BE SENT TO FIGHT.
2


	“Everybody,” Dr. Light addressed everyone in the room. The only other people in the room besides us and Dr. Light were ELECMAN, and EDDY (whom I rarely ever notice until he speaks).
“Everyone Eyes to the monitor, I need to show you something.” Up on the large screen positioned in Light’s lab, I could see a recording taken from the viewpoint of a drone high, high up in the sky. Looking down, the recording showed GUTSMAN at the mines. He was destroying the other Guys Units. Throwing them and smashing them with his gigantic fist. 
It terrified me.

Roll cried out “Oh no! GUTSMAN has the virus?” 
“It seems so…” Dr. Light replied. “At any rate. it is destroying everything and we need to take immediate action to restrain it.” 

“What are you going to do?” Ava said, turning to Dr. Light. “Were you able to build another Buster weapon?” 
“I have, but I haven’t had the time to make another Buster core. That would take a month. That is why I've called you here Rocky. I’ll need to use your core to power the Buster cannon.”

“You're going to take out my core?” I asked, afraid of what I was about to hear next.

“No Rocky, instead the best course of action is to equip you with the Buster cannon.”

“What?”

“Equip me?”
Ava spoke up. “Do you actually expect Rocky to fight GUTSMAN? There’s no way Rocky could take on that huge thing!”
“I understand your worry, but know I have a plan.” Dr. Light assured us. “Rocky, I am going to install, in you, a fighting program. It will take over your body completely and you won't have to do a thing. It will give you all the ability you need to fight and take GUTSMAN down.”

“Take GUTSMAN down?” Roll said. “You’re not going to have Rocky destroy GUTSMAN are you?! GUTSMAN is my friend. He is a good robot. He’s only acting this way because of the stupid virus!”
“Trust me Roll, I have no desire to destroy GUTSMAN. I spent an insurmountable amount of time, money and energy in constructing him. I merely want to destroy the power core located under his neck.” Dr. Light then turned to me. “Rocky, I need you to do this.”

I breathed heavily. I didn't feel I could bring myself to ever face Gutsman, but did I even have a choice?
“I- I’ll do whatever I have to, to save GUTSMAN and put an end to this virus.”
“Oh, Rocky!” Roll said, running up and grabbing my hand between hers. “Wow! You really can act brave when you're forced to!”

“Jeez Roll, why you gotta ruin my big moment!”

I finally get to be a hero and Roll feels the need to make comments like that.

“Well come on Rocky. Me and Kaneda will prepare you. I’ll attach the Buster canon personally. We need to face this thing before any more damage is done.”

SCENE: ROCKY WAKES UP. IS EQUIPPED WITH ARMOR, CANNON, AND AI. 
3

I opened my eyes. “Back online Rocky? How do you feel?” I heard Dr. Kaneda say.
Looking around me I could see I was still in the lab. Laying down on the operating table I had been laying on when they turned me offline so that they could do the upgrades on me. I looked down at my body and saw I was covered in a strange set of blue armor. Feeling around my face I realized I had on a helmet as well.

“What is all this?”

“That is fighting armor,” Dr. Light answered me, from somewhere in the room. “We've actually had that design for sometime. A previous project of mine and Wily’s... Anyway… It will be to your benefit, as it will protect you and give you enhanced strength and speed.”

I noticed the large cylinder shaped barrel on my arm.

“Is this…?”
“That is the Buster cannon, Rocky.”

It looked almost like the world's largest bracelet. My hand was sticking out at the end of it. I guess this cannon worked just like HARDMAN’s cannon or like Rush’s rockets. My hand could just retract back into it when I needed to shoot. “Oh, hey.” I remembered, weren't they going to install that fighting program to take over my body? I raised my hand up to my face and closed my palm. 

Is that me, or is it the program?
Better yet... I’m I me, or am I the program?

“You’re wondering if we installed the fighting program or not, yet. Aren’t you Rocky?” Dr. Kaneda asked me.
I nodded.

“We have, but it wont come on until it’s activated. We'll do that when you reach the site.”
“The site…so when are we going?”
“Now if you're ready.”

“And it won’t be we,” Dr. Light said walking up to the table I was still laying on. “It will be you and Rush.”
“And Rush!?”

“Yes, you’ll ride Rush over there. And don't worry for Rush’s safety we installed in it a combat program and weapons, just like we did with you, when you were offline.”

Part of me was worried about Rush coming with me. I didn't want Rush to get hurt. Though, at the same time, I couldn't help but feel relieved that at least I wasn't going to be out there alone.

Dr. Light placed his hand firmly on my shoulder. “Are you ready to go Rocky?”
I swallowed my spit, and took a deep breath.
“As ready as all ever be, doctor.”
SCENE: ROCKY LEAVES TO FIGHT.
4

As the roof opened, Rush slowly walked up to me. “Hey, boy…” I got on my knees to put Rush’s head. Dr. Light looked towards me sternly, “you can do this Rocky. I need you to do this.” 
“I’ll take care of it, Dr. Light, trust me.”
I hopped on Rush’s back as he retracted his arms and legs. Converting them into rockets.
I nodded towards Ava and Roll who were in them lab to see me off. I gave them all a thumbs up, and did my best to force a macho confident smile.
I got this guys don’t worry about me.
They nodded in response, and I look up through the open roof towards the sky.
“Alright boy... Let's go!”


5

Flying in the sky on Rush’s back is always so calming to me. Up in the sky near the clouds the world below seems distant, almost like it didn’t concern me. Sometimes I like to imagine that I’m as free as a bird. Flying through the sky without a care in the world. But really the opposite is true. Today, the things going on did concern me. In fact, I was responsible. It's my time to be a hero. Not just to sit back and watch while the grown ups take care of everything.

It's almost funny. I can't even guess at the number of times I’ve dreamt about something like this. About being a hero. I’d imagine I was Viewtiful Joe, or Bionic Commando. Or see myself in the Marvel universe. I’d dream about teaming up with the Avengers and fighting some big powerful villain like Thanos… But now, when I needed it, all that excitement and energy just seemed gone.
I don't want to fight. I just want things to be OK. And who I have to fight… GUTSMAN… He might be big and scary, But he's not a bad guy! He’s me and Roll’s friend! I don't want to hurt him! And I especially don't want him to hurt me…


Me and Rush finally reached the mines.  I could see a huge cloud of dust and smoke in the distance. I knew that lying just behind that fog was GUTSMAN. 

Seeing something fly outside of the dust cloud and onto the ground beneath, I realized it must have been a piece of earth or another GUTS unit being tossed and thrown. 

I imagined myself being picked up and smashed by GUTSMAN. I felt my body drop a little. If my feet weren’t magnetically attached to the tracks on Rush’s back I probably would have fallen off.

I took a deep breath, and tried to calm down. 

“Are you ready boy?!”
Rush growled and barked towards the bid ball of smoke ahead of us. 
“Haha, jeez boy, you're braver than I am!” 

I got a call on my intercom. “Rocky, this is Dr. Light. Testing, 1, 2,... Can you hear me?” 
“Yes sir, I can hear you. We’re approaching GUTSMAN. I can already start to see him through the smoke!” 
“Good Rocky. Were activating the combat system. Once we do it will take complete control of your body. It may feel strange at first, Rocky… But trust me, when I say the system and that Buster cannon on your arm are more than enough to take down GUTSMAN! All you have to do is watch.” 

He said it again:“Take down GUTSMAN.”

“…Doctor we aren't going to destroy GUTSMAN are we?”
“.... We will avoid it, Rocky. We will avoid it.”

I heard Dr. Kaneda’s voice over the intercom. “Ready Rocky? Activating units in 1, 2, 3, GO!”

Please universe.. Or whoever's out there… Save me, and Rush, and Gutsman, I just want everything to be okay…

“ENGAGE!”
 
SCENE: ROCKY FIGHTS! AI IS ACTIVATED.
6

Eh? “What?!” The fighting program really did take over my body. I couldn’t move a single muscle. When we finally got close to the big dust cloud, my body lept from on top of Rush and started to fall quickly towards the ground. “OH GOSH! OH GOSH! OH GOSH!” For whatever reason the combat AI decided it needed to jump. Did they equip me with booster rockets or something?

As I kept falling I could finally start to make out GUTSMAN’s silhouette in the cloud. He was coming right for me! I felt a strange sensation in my arm, as it  switched into cannon mode. 
The AI started to take aim at the gigantic robot, while I was still in free fall. Gutsman picked up a huge rock from the ground and threw it straight at me.

“Buster fire!” The beam from my cannon shot straight through the boulder leaving no trace. My laser cleared a gaping hole in the smoke and dust. Giving me a clear view of GUTSMAN. 

“I-I hit him…” The laser protected me from the stone, and hit Gutsman’s neck, but it clearly missed its mark. Gutsman's head now leaning slightly opposite of where I hit him turned and stared right at me.Meeting his eyes sent a chill down my spine.

“Robot. Destroy. Destroy robots…”
I landed on the ground, catching myself with my arms and legs; easily, as if I had only fallen a couple feet. 

Wow, Dr. Light must have really gave me some pretty amazing improvements when I was offline… Or have I always been this strong?

GUTSMAN lodged his fist into the ground, burying it with dirt. “What is he?...” I saw the large cylinder sticking out from his elbow, extend outwards. “Oh he's going to cause an earthquake!” Just then Rush flew in front of me. My body immediately jumped on, and we quickly started to ascend towards the sky.

“Fissure…”

My ears rang and popped from the loud deep sound of GUTSMAN causing an earthquake in the ground. Even several feet up in the air I feel the pressure from the shaking of the ground underneath. It blew Rush off course and I found myself hanging upside down. Just then I felt a large robotic hand grab me. “What?!”

It was one of the smaller guts units. I failed to notice them completely! Pulling me towards it, the robot began to raise its other fist towards me, as it looked as though it was going to smash me between its hands like a fly. “Rush Disengage!” Rush flew off. I caught the Guts Unit's hand with my own. In between the Guts Unit’s hands, I found myself in a test of strength against it. I was surprised I actually had the strength to resist. 
Rush flew over the robot's head and began to shoot lasers at it. “Rush!” Even though the unit was clearly damaged it continued to struggle against me. “Darn it. Let me go! I don't want to have to fight you!” 
“Destroy. Destroy.” it said through its damaged voice box in a voice that sounded just like GUTSMAN.

I shot the Buster cannon through the arm that was holding me, destroying the GUTS Unit’s left hand completely. 
Having broken free, and falling to the ground, I saw GUTSMAN standing right above me. His fist positioned right above where I was standing. “No!” I locked on with my Buster cannon and shot it right at his gigantic fist. Piercing right through it, Gutsman’s right arm exploded. The pieces and shrapnel began to fall to the ground all around me.

“Des-troy…”

Right before a large piece landed right where I was standing, Rush flew right by me; pushing me out of the way.
“Ugh, Thanks boy! you saved me… Jeez that hurt though…”

I heard a noise. Gutsman was still making his way towards us. With his other arm he picked up the smaller guts unit that grabbed me earlier and threw it right at us.
“!!!”
I hopped on Rush and began to fly away, but it was too late. The Guts unit hit us. Detaching me from Rush and sending us both falling to the ground.

“Uh!” My face was against the ground, I began to try to turn around and stand up.”I’m stuck.” The Guts unit was laying on top of my leg. I pulled as hard as I could, but couldnt get free. I saw Gutsman making his way towards me. I aimed my Buster cannon towards my legs. 

“No Rocky!”

I could hear Dr. Light's voice over the intercom. “You don't have many more shots left. Don’t waste one on freeing your leg. Break free if you can even if you have to disconnect from your leg.”  My body put away the Buster cannon and continued to struggle to free itself. I could see my leg begin to shatter, tear and break as I continued to struggle. I could start to see the wires and mechanical pieces under my knee. I think I’m going to be sick.

“Rush, where are you?!” I called out.
My internal radar told me Rush had flown off somewhere close by, and was making his way back. I finally broke free, but my leg was now only hanging on by wires. Gutsman, now close, raised his fist, posed to strike at me again. I aimed the Buster cannon straight at him. 

SCENE: ROCKY TURNS OFF AI TO SAVE PEOPLE.
“I have a clear shot! Wait…” 

By the rubble next to Gutsman I noticed something moving in my radar system. “There’s some people. They're trapped under the rubble!”

“What are you doing? Rocky attack! You have a clear shot” I heard Dr. Light yell across the intercom.
“Dr. Light, there are some people trapped under the rubble next to Gutsman. Do you see my visuals?” 
“Ugh! What were they doing there? I had asked all my workers to leave the area. The only possible explanation is that they are spies or paparazzi or some people trying to steal my technology or get some dirt on me! Serves them right for being there! Fire Rocky, I command it! We may not get another chance like this!”

“My arm launched out. I realized the combat AI was going to go through with the attack. 

“No! Stop!  What if GUTSMAN collapses and falls on them?!?”
“Rocky, don’t argue with me!”

Is there any way I can stop this? 

I looked through my internal interface. I wonder if I can shut down the program?... “Combat mode turn offline!” 
My arms fell, lifeless, to my side. 
“I did it… I turned off the program…”
“What have you done?!” Dr. Light shouted. 
“Dr. Light, I’m sorry. I-”
GUTSMAN, still on the attack, picked up another larger boulder from the ground and tossed it towards me. Just then Rush appeared. 
“Rush you’re back!” 
I rode off on Rush, and the large stone barely missed us.

“Rush boy, where’d you go?! Ugh! Come on boy, we need to move away from here. There’s people trapped in the building, we need to keep them safe!”

I heard Dr. Light speaking with Dr. Kaneda over the intercom. Turn the combat AI back on! What’s the matter Kaneda?” 
“Dr. Light, we weren’t prepared for this... The program can’t be turned on again from our end..” “Blast! Rocky, turn the AI back on! There’s no way you can take on GUTSMAN without it!”

…. I wasn’t sure what to do.

That program... If I left it on it would have attacked. It might have made me kill those people…
Still… Could I do it? Could I take on GUTSMAN myself?

“Come on boy! Head over there I got a plan!” As we flew away from Gutsman, we dodged the rocks and robot pieces it continued to throw towards us. 

“Rush, let’s move over to that building attached to the mountain. Once we reach there, we’ll fly around to the other side and I’ll aim for Gutsman. Shooting him with my buster cannon through the mountain directly!” 
It was the same mountain where we first met Gutsman. I wondered for a moment if when he saw this mountain he would remember who he was…. 
I just want to get through this fight without hurting anybody. Gutsman I’ll save you too…

// I want Roll to fire a warning shot at Gutsman.
Once we got there, Gutsman continued towards us, as expected. “Okay Rush, now let’s move!”
We needed to move to the other side as quickly as possible. While we were out of sight behind the mountain we’ll be safe... Even Gutsman couldn’t simply hit us through the mountain. 

We flew around the mountain as quickly as possible. “Now…” I started to use my radar system to lock on to Gutsman’s power source. 
“Hold still.”

I charged up my beam. 

SCENE: CUTMAN APPEARS. ROLL SAVES THE DAY.

“I got clear shot! Now-ugh!”

A bright red beam appeared from nowhere. Passing though my arm in a second
“What?”
Then, without even giving me enough time to realize what had happened, I watched in shock as I saw my arm, and the Buster cannon with it, fall off from my body.

// Roll aims at gutsman
“What was…” I looked down at the ground where the beam came from
“CUTMAN?!”

H-how? I heard Dr. Light’s voice. “Where did CUTMAN come from? He was being detained by Elecman!” 
Dr. Kaneda spoke. “Dr. Light there was no message from Elecman.. And now there's no response. Perhaps Cutman destroyed Elecman before he had the chance to alert us.” 
“No! No!”

I saw Cutman again point his finger towards me and Rush.
“Destroy. Robots…”

We started to move and maneuver in the air as Cutman followed us with his laser beam.
“Blast it all! We should have been more prepared for this situation. Kaneda prepare the mines.” “Dr. Light, you're not seriously going to destroy the whole site! Are you?!”
“We must prepare for the worst…”

Just then I heard Rush whimper. Looking behind me I could see that Rush was hit by CUTMAN’s beam; cutting one of Rush’s back boosters clean off.
“No!” We quickly plummeted towards the ground. 
 “Oooff!” 

Standing back up, I looked around and saw that we landed right by the dock  positioned right on the side of the mountain where we first met CUTMAN and Gutsman.
 
“Rush get back up! Can you walk?”I saw GUTSMAN slowly peering from the side of the mountain, approaching us. “I need to get my Buster cannon back.” I tracked the position of my Buster cannon with my radar. I remember it fell by… Huh? It moved? Where did it-” Then I heard a voice.

“GUTSMAN! GUTSMAN Stop! Please!”

I looked up to the balcony on the side of the mountain. “ROLL!?”

“How did Roll get there?!” Dr. Light yelled.
 
“I have no idea… Dr. Light we can’t destroy both Rocky and Roll!” Dr. Kaneda said.
“How-How could this all happen!…” Dr. Light growled.

“Gutsman please stop! I don't want to hurt you…”
Roll was pointing my Buster cannon right at GUTSMAN.
How did she? Somehow she managed to equip it to her arm.

“Are you human…or robot?....”

“No, Roll! Get out of here! He’ll destroy you!”

“I can't sit back and watch you die Rocky.”
“Roll-”

Just as I said this, another red beam appeared and my other arm slid off of my body. “CUTMAN!”
My whole body trembled as I watched CUTMAN continue to slowly make his way towards me.

“Quit moving around so much…”

CUTMAN shot another beam towards me. Severing my legs from my body. My face hit the ground.
Rush opened some slots on his side and shot a series of missiles at CUTMAN. I watched from the ground as Cutman shot and intercepted all but one that exploded right in front of CUTMAN knocking him back a great distance.

“GUTSMAN don’t you remember me? I’m your friend Roll! Don’t you remember the gift you gave me?”
“You are...friend?”

“Rush we need to go to Roll, she’s in danger. As Rush started to help me off the ground I saw another red beam. Cut across at the balcony above us. Rush carried me away with his mouth, but not fast enough that Rush was caught under the rubble. “Rush!”
I began to pick myself up with what I had left of my limbs.

“GUTSMAN please stop destroying robots! I don’t want to hurt you!”
“Des-troy…”

I saw CUTMAN slowly, but surely making his way towards me. He stopped and pointed his finger at me..

“Please Cutman stop!” I yelled.

“Des-troy…”

Just then I saw GUTSMAN’s fist slam down only a few feet in front of me. Crushing CUTMAN beneath it.

“NO! ROCKY!” I heard Roll cry out. She shot the Buster cannon at GUTSMAN destroying his power core. Which set off an explosion that left the entire area in a huge black cloud of smoke.

In total darkness, I couldn’t see a thing. The loud ringing in my ears became so constant that at this point I wasn't sure if I could even hear. My thoughts became blurry and I felt as though I was drifting sleep. 
For a moment I wondered if I was still functional enough to be online or not. Maybe I was offline now...Maybe forever. 
Then all of the sudden I heard the voice of my sister. “Rocky?” I saw just enough to see what appeared to be her collapsing to the ground in front of me.

“Is… Everybody… Safe?”

That was the last thought I had. Then everything went black.



   





 




MISSING TEXT

/// Well here's that missing TEXT!!!!
Then all of the sudden the earth beneath the GUTS Unit shut up like their was an explosion. After the dust cleared We saw the GUTS unit standing inside a newly formed crater that looked to be about about 100 feet wide and deep.
R-Remind me to never pick a fight with one of those things.



 



IDEAS


// What are some ideas for things to happen at rolls conference?
I know I want it to go well and for people to find Roll adorable. What are some of the questions people will ask her I wonder?
“Oh Rock Roll I get It Ha”
…

More than that What happens after the conference?
At the party afterwards a person is killed by one of Light’s robots.
It the first occurrence of this happening.
People arent sure if the robot intended to or not.
It was infected by Protoman’s virus.
After that Light goes to visit the man site where Rock Manufacturing 
They meet Guts.
This is the first time Rocky and Roll meet the mining robots.
They find that they too have personality and feelings.
Gutsman gives something to Roll.
Rocky starts how they mining robots do have thoughts and feelings of their own

(Rei was paralyzed then found with leukemia)
(that night Rocky attends practice and a party with dr. Light at that party something happens)
(that night Roll has a dream of one of Rocky I’s memories. Megaman doesn't remember it.)

(boys talk to rocky about about wanting to date roll)


IDEAS
(Rocky fails math problem and people criticize him)


Ch x Rocky the first before the speech
Dr. Light walks in the room and begins to speak to his assistants 
“Rocky have you been working on your lines? Today is a very big day for you. Today is the day you will show the world what your capable of today is the day

(rocky's bug becomes more prominent when he is nervous.)
Rocky's stutter becomes worse and worse

// conversta
// I cant help rei at least here helping roll I can do some good…
// Roll asks about CUTMAN. Who made the rush toy
// No its good rush isnt here though haha hed probably jump all over you
// SHEd jump all over me. Roll said with a pouty face. We laughed
// Ow!
// Roll are you
// Yeah I’m fine
Youre arm looks all better now…
Maybe its just the shock..
I guess 

Rocky needs to practice for the concert.
Another explosion happens.
Light asks Rocky about what he saw
No that isnt a child thats a robot!
// People learn about protoman.
Protoman goes from infecting robots to killing them.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
LOST TEXT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Then all of the sudden the earth beneath the GUTS Unit shut up like their was an explosion. After the dust cleared We saw the GUTS unit standing inside a newly formed crater that looked to be about about 100 feet wide and deep.
R-Remind me to never pick a fight with one of those things.



 






// What are some ideas for things to happen at rolls conference?
I know I want it to go well and for people to find Roll adorable. What are some of the questions people will ask her I wonder?
“Oh Rock Roll I get It Ha”
…

More than that What happens after the conference?
At the party afterwards a person is killed by one of Light’s robots.
It the first occurrence of this happening.
People arent sure if the robot intended to or not.
It was infected by Protoman’s virus.
After that Light goes to visit the man site where Rock Manufacturing 
They meet Guts.
This is the first time Rocky and Roll meet the mining robots.
They find that they too have personality and feelings.
Gutsman gives something to Roll.
Rocky starts how they mining robots do have thoughts and feelings of their own

(Rei was paralyzed then found with leukemia)
(that night Rocky attends practice and a party with dr. Light at that party something happens)
(that night Roll has a dream of one of Rocky I’s memories. Megaman doesn't remember it.)

(boys talk to rocky about about wanting to date roll)













(Rocky fails math problem and people criticize him)


Ch x Rocky the first before the speech
Dr. Light walks in the room and begins to speak to his assistants 
“Rocky have you been working on your lines? Today is a very big day for you. Today is the day you will show the world what your capable of today is the day

(rocky's bug becomes more prominent when he is nervous.)
Rocky's stutter becomes worse and worse



























I remember 
Marrissa 


Rocky wants to help his friend with cancer.
Dr Light hhh has cancer. Do you think there is anyway you could help hime?r
I am very sorry to hear about your friend rocky but cancer is much outside my field of expertise.
Do you think that maybe someday I could find the cure for cancer?
Oh I am sure you could! You were after all the first humanoid robot created by yours truly.
The only issue is that you must put forth the effort to study!



